images/img_00000.png	put down a resolution on the subject
images/img_00001.png	and he is to be backed by Mr. Will
images/img_00002.png	nominating any more Labour life Peers
images/img_00003.png	M Ps tomorrow. Mr. Michael Foot has
images/img_00004.png	Griffiths, M P for Manchester Exchange .
images/img_00005.png	is to be made at a meeting of Labour
images/img_00006.png	A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from
images/img_00007.png	0M P for Manchester Exchange .
images/img_00008.png	A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from nominating
images/img_00009.png	meeting of Labour 0M Ps tommorow . Mr. Michael
images/img_00010.png	any more Labour life Peers is to be made at a
images/img_00011.png	Foot has put down a resolution on the subject
images/img_00012.png	and he is to be backed by Mr. Will Griffiths ,
images/img_00013.png	which would appear to " prop up " an out-dated
images/img_00014.png	Though they may gather some Left-wing support , a
images/img_00015.png	life peers into existence , they should not
images/img_00016.png	and that Labour should not take any steps
images/img_00017.png	now put forward nominees . He believes
images/img_00018.png	large majority of Labour M Ps are likely to
images/img_00019.png	that the House of Lords should be abolished
images/img_00020.png	institution .
images/img_00021.png	opposed the Government Bill which brought
images/img_00022.png	turn down the Foot-Griffiths resolution . Mr.
images/img_00023.png	Foot's line will be that as Labour M Ps
images/img_00024.png	into existence , they should not now put
images/img_00025.png	Though they may gather some Left-wing
images/img_00026.png	which would appear to " prop up " an out-
images/img_00027.png	House of Lords should be abolished and
images/img_00028.png	M Ps are likely to turn down the Foot-
images/img_00029.png	that Labour should not take any steps
images/img_00030.png	be that as Labour M Ps opposed the
images/img_00031.png	forward nominees . He believes that the
images/img_00032.png	Government Bill which brought life peers
images/img_00033.png	Griffiths resolution . Mr. Foot's line will
images/img_00034.png	support , a large majority of Labour
images/img_00035.png	will be that as Labour 0M Ps opposed the Govern-
images/img_00036.png	that Labour should not take any steps which would
images/img_00037.png	appear to " prop up " an out-dated institution .
images/img_00038.png	large majority of Labour 0m Ps are likely to turn
images/img_00039.png	that the House of Lords should be abolished and
images/img_00040.png	Though they may gather some Left-wing support , a
images/img_00041.png	down the Foot-Griffiths resolution . Mr. Foot's line
images/img_00042.png	ment Bill which brought life peers into existence , they
images/img_00043.png	should not now put forward nominees . He believes
images/img_00044.png	get together to face the challenge from Sir
images/img_00045.png	members . THE two rival African Nationalist
images/img_00046.png	Roy Welensky , the Federal Premier .
images/img_00047.png	Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to
images/img_00048.png	Peeresses have been created . Most Labour
images/img_00049.png	Labour has to have an adequate number of
images/img_00050.png	sentiment would # still favour the abolition
images/img_00051.png	of the House of Lords , but while it remains
images/img_00052.png	Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and
images/img_00053.png	of members . THE two rival African
images/img_00054.png	Peeresses have been created . Most Labour
images/img_00055.png	the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky ,
images/img_00056.png	of the House of Lords , but while it remains
images/img_00057.png	have agreed to get together to face
images/img_00058.png	Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and
images/img_00059.png	the Federal Premier .
images/img_00060.png	Labour has to have an adequate number
images/img_00061.png	Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia
images/img_00062.png	sentiment would still favour the abolition
images/img_00063.png	Peeresses have been created . Most Labour sentiment
images/img_00064.png	Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and #
images/img_00065.png	of Lords , but while it remains Labour has to
images/img_00066.png	challenge from Sir Roy Welensky , the Federal Premier .
images/img_00067.png	two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern
images/img_00068.png	would still favour the abolition of the House
images/img_00069.png	have an adequate number of members . THE
images/img_00070.png	Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the
images/img_00071.png	Party ( 280,000 members ) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African
images/img_00072.png	to discuss a common course of action . Sir Roy is
images/img_00073.png	Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence
images/img_00074.png	violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority
images/img_00075.png	in Northern Rhodesia , but the Colonial Secretary ,
images/img_00076.png	National Congress ( 400,000 ) will meet in London today
images/img_00077.png	Mr. Iain Macleod , is insisting on a policy of change .
images/img_00078.png	Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's
images/img_00079.png	( 280,000 members ) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's
images/img_00080.png	majority in Northern Rhodesia , but the
images/img_00081.png	African National Congress ( 400,000 ) will
images/img_00082.png	meet in London today to discuss a common
images/img_00083.png	United National Independence Party
images/img_00084.png	Colonial Secretary , Mr. Iain Macleod ,
images/img_00085.png	course of action . Sir Roy is violently
images/img_00086.png	is insisting on a policy of change .
images/img_00087.png	opposed to Africans getting an elected
images/img_00088.png	Rhodesia , but the Colonial Secretary , Mr. Iain
images/img_00089.png	getting an elected majority in Northern
images/img_00090.png	National Independence Party ( 280,000 members )
images/img_00091.png	Congress ( 400,000 ) will meet in London today
images/img_00092.png	to discuss a common course of action .
images/img_00093.png	Macleod , is insisting on a policy of change .
images/img_00094.png	and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African National
images/img_00095.png	Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United
images/img_00096.png	Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans
images/img_00097.png	chief aide , Mr. Julius Greenfield , telephoned
images/img_00098.png	his chief a report on his talks with
images/img_00099.png	the talks fall through . There are bound
images/img_00100.png	to be demonstrations . " Yesterday Sir Roy's
images/img_00101.png	future . Said Mr. Nkumbula last night :
images/img_00102.png	Mr. Macmillan at Chequers .
images/img_00103.png	" We want to discuss what to do if the
images/img_00104.png	Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting
images/img_00105.png	the London talks on the Protectorate's
images/img_00106.png	British Government gives in to Sir Roy and
images/img_00107.png	boycotting the London talks on the
images/img_00108.png	do if the British demonstrations . "
images/img_00109.png	Sir Roy's United Federal Party is
images/img_00110.png	Protectorate's future . Said Mr. Nkumbula
images/img_00111.png	at Chequers .
images/img_00112.png	Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide , Mr.
images/img_00113.png	a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan
images/img_00114.png	Julius Greenfield , telephoned his chief
images/img_00115.png	last night : " We want to discuss what to
images/img_00116.png	British Government gives in to Sir Roy
images/img_00117.png	and the talks fall through . There are bound
images/img_00118.png	future . Said Mr. Nkumbula last night :
images/img_00119.png	the London talks on the Protectorate's
images/img_00120.png	chief aide , Mr. Julius Greenfield , telephoned
images/img_00121.png	Macmillan at Chequers .
images/img_00122.png	" We want to discuss what to do if the
images/img_00123.png	Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting
images/img_00124.png	his chief a report on his talks with Mr.
images/img_00125.png	to be demonstrations . " Yesterday Sir Roy's
images/img_00126.png	to the Africans and Liberals attending . These
images/img_00127.png	will meet to discuss the function of a
images/img_00128.png	majority they are seeking . African delegates
images/img_00129.png	are studying them today . The conference
images/img_00130.png	plans do not give the Africans the overall
images/img_00131.png	proposed House of Chiefs .
images/img_00132.png	Lancaster House despite the crisis which had
images/img_00133.png	Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at
images/img_00134.png	blown up . He has now revealed his full plans
images/img_00135.png	Mr. Macleod went on with the conference
images/img_00136.png	at Lancaster House despite the crisis
images/img_00137.png	them today . The conference will meet
images/img_00138.png	attending . These plans do not give the
images/img_00139.png	Africans the overall majority they are
images/img_00140.png	House of Chiefs .
images/img_00141.png	seeking . African delegates are studying
images/img_00142.png	to discuss the function of a proposed
images/img_00143.png	which had blown up . He has now revealed
images/img_00144.png	his full plans to the Africans and Liberals
images/img_00145.png	studying them today . The conference will meet
images/img_00146.png	to discuss the function of a proposed House
images/img_00147.png	blown up . He has now revealed his full plans
images/img_00148.png	to the Africans and Liberals attending . These
images/img_00149.png	plans do not give the Africans the overall majo-
images/img_00150.png	rity they are seeking . African delegates are
images/img_00151.png	Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at
images/img_00152.png	Lancaster House despite the crisis which had
images/img_00153.png	of Chiefs .
images/img_00154.png	secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future .
images/img_00155.png	Minister of the Central African Federation , went
images/img_00156.png	in the Commons last night that there have been
images/img_00157.png	to Chequers at the week-end for talks with
images/img_00158.png	MR. IAIN MACLEOD , the Colonial Secretary , denied
images/img_00159.png	But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky , Prime
images/img_00160.png	The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has
images/img_00161.png	Mr. Macmillan .
images/img_00162.png	been boycotted by the two main settlers' parties -
images/img_00163.png	the United Federal Party and the Dominion Party .
images/img_00164.png	boycotted by the two main settlers' parties -
images/img_00165.png	there have been secret negotiations on
images/img_00166.png	Party . But representatives of Sir Roy
images/img_00167.png	Rhodesia conference in London has been
images/img_00168.png	the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan .
images/img_00169.png	the United Federal Party and the Dominion
images/img_00170.png	denied in the Commons last night that
images/img_00171.png	Welensky , Prime Minister of the Central
images/img_00172.png	African Federation , went to Chequers at
images/img_00173.png	Northern Rhodesia's future . The Northern
images/img_00174.png	MR. IAIN MACLEOD , the Colonial Secretary ,
images/img_00175.png	in the Commons last night that there have
images/img_00176.png	Central African Federation , went to Chequers
images/img_00177.png	Mr. Iain Macleod , the Colonial Secretary , denied
images/img_00178.png	future . The Northern Rhodesia conference in
images/img_00179.png	been secret negotiations on the Northern Rhodesia's
images/img_00180.png	and the Dominion Party . But representatives
images/img_00181.png	London has been boycotted by the two main
images/img_00182.png	settlers' parties - the United Federal Party
images/img_00183.png	at the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan .
images/img_00184.png	of Sir Roy Welensky , Prime Minister of the
images/img_00185.png	He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal
images/img_00186.png	refusing to sit round the conference table .
images/img_00187.png	M Ps yesterday : " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations . "
images/img_00188.png	Government . But the final decision remained with the British
images/img_00189.png	Government . Mr. James Callaghan , Labour's Colonial spokesman ,
images/img_00190.png	said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks by
images/img_00191.png	Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting . But he told
images/img_00192.png	Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation .
images/img_00193.png	He said Britain had an obligation to consult
images/img_00194.png	the Federal Government . But the final
images/img_00195.png	have no knowledge of secret negotiations . "
images/img_00196.png	spokesman , said Sir Roy had no right to
images/img_00197.png	Mr. James Callaghan , Labour's Colonial
images/img_00198.png	meeting . But he told M Ps yesterday : " I
images/img_00199.png	Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation .
images/img_00200.png	decision remained with the British Government .
images/img_00201.png	Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end
images/img_00202.png	delay progress in the talks by refusing
images/img_00203.png	to sit round the conference table .
images/img_00204.png	the Federal Government . Mr. James Callaghan ,
images/img_00205.png	Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Fede-
images/img_00206.png	said Britain had an obligation to consult
images/img_00207.png	refusing to sit round the conference table .
images/img_00208.png	have no knowledge of secret negotiations . " He
images/img_00209.png	Labour's Colonial spokesman , said Sir Roy had
images/img_00210.png	no right to delay progress in the talks by
images/img_00211.png	ration . Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end
images/img_00212.png	meeting . But he told M Ps yesterday : " I
images/img_00213.png	negotiations with Sir Roy's representative ,
images/img_00214.png	sent from the Government were " unsatisfac-
images/img_00215.png	Mr. Julius Greenfield . He was at Che-
images/img_00216.png	day called on Mr. Macmillan to cease his
images/img_00217.png	tory . " African delegates to the talks yester-
images/img_00218.png	parties had refused to attend the talks
images/img_00219.png	Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian
images/img_00220.png	Sir Roy's Federal Government in the
images/img_00221.png	regarded with " growing anger " the " gross
images/img_00222.png	and unconstitutional " interference by
images/img_00223.png	quers last week-end . They said they
images/img_00224.png	because Sir Roy had found messages
images/img_00225.png	talks .
images/img_00226.png	interference by Sir Roy's Federal Government in the talks .
images/img_00227.png	had found messages sent from the Government were
images/img_00228.png	at Chequers last week-end . They said they regarded
images/img_00229.png	called on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with
images/img_00230.png	had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy
images/img_00231.png	with " growing anger " the gross and unconstitutional "
images/img_00232.png	" unsatisfactory . " African delegates to the talks yesterday
images/img_00233.png	Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties
images/img_00234.png	Sir Roy's representative , Mr. Julius Greenfield . He was
images/img_00235.png	racial discrimination in Government
images/img_00236.png	defended the appointment of a Negro as
images/img_00237.png	strong opposition from the anti-Negro
images/img_00238.png	his Housing Minister . It has aroused
images/img_00239.png	and State housing projects .
images/img_00240.png	Informal talks at Lancaster House will
images/img_00241.png	B.Kaufmann
images/img_00242.png	senators of the Deep South . The negro
images/img_00243.png	resume today . President Kennedy today
images/img_00244.png	is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York . One
images/img_00245.png	of his tasks will be to see there is no
images/img_00246.png	Deep South . The negro is Mr. Robert #
images/img_00247.png	Weaver of New York . One of his tasks will
images/img_00248.png	in Government and State housing
images/img_00249.png	his Housing Minister . It has aroused strong
images/img_00250.png	defended the appointment of a Negro as
images/img_00251.png	projects .
images/img_00252.png	opposition from the anti-Negro senators of the
images/img_00253.png	Informal talks at Lancaster House will
images/img_00254.png	resume today . PRESIDENT KENNEDY today
images/img_00255.png	be to see there is no racial discrimination
images/img_00256.png	the appointment of a Negro as his Housing Minister .
images/img_00257.png	senators of the Deep South . The negro is Mr.
images/img_00258.png	will be to see there is no racial discrimination
images/img_00259.png	in Government and State housing projects .
images/img_00260.png	today . PRESIDENT KENNEDY today defended
images/img_00261.png	It has aroused strong opposition from the anti-Negro
images/img_00262.png	Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume
images/img_00263.png	Robert Weaver of New York . One of his tasks
images/img_00264.png	that Weaver once had Communist affiliations .
images/img_00265.png	by another Southern Senator - Willis Robertson ,
images/img_00266.png	off the opposition by telling a television
images/img_00267.png	of Virginia - met today in closed session
images/img_00268.png	audience it was " current Washington gossip "
images/img_00269.png	Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter
images/img_00270.png	to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several
images/img_00271.png	complaints about Weaver's loyalty .
images/img_00272.png	to discuss Weaver's appointment . Senator
images/img_00273.png	Senator Allen Ellender of Louisiana sparked
images/img_00274.png	The Senate Banking Committee , which is headed
images/img_00275.png	discuss Weaver's appointment . Senator
images/img_00276.png	Virginia - met today in closed session to
images/img_00277.png	Southern Senator - Willis Robertson , of
images/img_00278.png	Committee , which is headed by another
images/img_00279.png	Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter
images/img_00280.png	to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received
images/img_00281.png	Washington gossip " that Weaver once had
images/img_00282.png	Communist affiliations . The Senate Banking
images/img_00283.png	Senator Allen Ellender , of Louisiana ,
images/img_00284.png	television audience it was " current
images/img_00285.png	sparked off the opposition by telling a
images/img_00286.png	Willis Robertson , of Virginia - met today in
images/img_00287.png	letter to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several
images/img_00288.png	gossip " that Weaver once had Communist affilia-
images/img_00289.png	complaints about Weaver's loyalty .
images/img_00290.png	Senator Allen Ellender , of Louisiana ,
images/img_00291.png	Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a
images/img_00292.png	closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment .
images/img_00293.png	tions . The Senate Banking Committee , which
images/img_00294.png	is headed by another Southern Senator -
images/img_00295.png	sparked off the opposition by telling a
images/img_00296.png	television audience it was " current Washington
images/img_00297.png	Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of In-
images/img_00298.png	He believed he would perform " outstanding
images/img_00299.png	He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's
images/img_00300.png	Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator
images/img_00301.png	committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's
images/img_00302.png	alleged association with organisations black-
images/img_00303.png	service " in his post . Senator Robertson's
images/img_00304.png	vestigation had reported on Mr. Weaver .
images/img_00305.png	nomination before it can be con-
images/img_00306.png	# sidered by the full Senate .
images/img_00307.png	listed by the Government . Immediately
images/img_00308.png	has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it
images/img_00309.png	he would perform " outstanding service "
images/img_00310.png	alleged association with organisations black-
images/img_00311.png	listed by the Government . Immediately Mr.
images/img_00312.png	He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's
images/img_00313.png	saying the Federal Bureau of Investigation had
images/img_00314.png	Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson
images/img_00315.png	reported on Mr. Weaver . He believed
images/img_00316.png	can be considered by the full Senate .
images/img_00317.png	in his post . Senator Robertson's committee
images/img_00318.png	association with organisations black-listed by the
images/img_00319.png	nomination before it can be considered by the
images/img_00320.png	committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's
images/img_00321.png	full Senate .
images/img_00322.png	of Investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver .
images/img_00323.png	He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's alleged
images/img_00324.png	He believed he would perform " outstanding
images/img_00325.png	Government . Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter
images/img_00326.png	to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau
images/img_00327.png	service " in his post . Senator Robertson's
images/img_00328.png	mention personal talks with Dr.
images/img_00329.png	over West Germany's cash offer to help
images/img_00330.png	Germany to pay more . He did not
images/img_00331.png	not good enough . And he indicated
images/img_00332.png	day that the offer - 357million - was
images/img_00333.png	He said bluntly in Washington yester-
images/img_00334.png	Adenauer , the West German Chancellor .
images/img_00335.png	America's balance of payments position .
images/img_00336.png	PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough
images/img_00337.png	that his Government would try to get
images/img_00338.png	And he indicated that his Government
images/img_00339.png	PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough
images/img_00340.png	would try to get Germany to pay more . He
images/img_00341.png	America's balance of payments position . He
images/img_00342.png	over West Germany's cash offer to help
images/img_00343.png	said bluntly in Washington yesterday that
images/img_00344.png	Adenauer , the West German Chancellor .
images/img_00345.png	the offer - 357million - was not good enough .
images/img_00346.png	did not mention personal talks with Dr.
images/img_00347.png	help America's balance of payments position
images/img_00348.png	tough over West Germany's cash offer to
images/img_00349.png	talks with Dr. Adenauer , the West
images/img_00350.png	Government would try to get Germany to
images/img_00351.png	He said bluntly in Washington yesterday
images/img_00352.png	pay more . He did not mention personal
images/img_00353.png	German Chancellor .
images/img_00354.png	PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get
images/img_00355.png	that the offer - 357million - was not good
images/img_00356.png	enough . And he indicated that his
images/img_00357.png	due in Washington next week . A big
images/img_00358.png	useful . The President will probably
images/img_00359.png	anyway .
images/img_00360.png	United States officials quickly point out
images/img_00361.png	discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano ,
images/img_00362.png	payment of a 210million debt to America .
images/img_00363.png	level than in the past " might be
images/img_00364.png	But he said discussions " on a higher
images/img_00365.png	slice of Germany's " aid " # is the early
images/img_00366.png	the West German Foreign Minister , who is
images/img_00367.png	that this is money due to America
images/img_00368.png	to America anyway .
images/img_00369.png	But he said discussions " on a higher
images/img_00370.png	Foreign Minister , who is due in Washington
images/img_00371.png	is the early payment of a 210million
images/img_00372.png	The President will probably discuss the
images/img_00373.png	problem with Dr. Brentano , the West German
images/img_00374.png	level than in the past " might be useful .
images/img_00375.png	debt to America . United States officials
images/img_00376.png	next week . A big slice of Germany's " aid "
images/img_00377.png	quickly point out that this is money due
images/img_00378.png	this is money due to America anyway .
images/img_00379.png	German Foreign Minister , who is due in
images/img_00380.png	Washington next week . A big slice of
images/img_00381.png	level than in the past " might be useful .
images/img_00382.png	The President will probably discuss the
images/img_00383.png	States officials quickly point out that
images/img_00384.png	Germany's " aid " is the early payment
images/img_00385.png	of a 210million debt to America . United
images/img_00386.png	problem with Dr. Brentano , the West
images/img_00387.png	But he said discussions " on a higher
images/img_00388.png	flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower
images/img_00389.png	And they are unimpressed by the Germans' claim
images/img_00390.png	that they cannot pay more than 357million
images/img_00391.png	or for the present . The Adenauer Government
images/img_00392.png	without upsetting their own economy . The
images/img_00393.png	sum towards the cost of keeping American
images/img_00394.png	Government to get them to pay a regular
images/img_00395.png	good and is not paying for the past
images/img_00396.png	Americans say Germany is having it too
images/img_00397.png	troops in Germany .
images/img_00398.png	answer is the once-and-for-all cash
images/img_00399.png	West German Government . It will now have
images/img_00400.png	to pay more - and increase taxation to do
images/img_00401.png	the new American administration .
images/img_00402.png	rejection of it is a painful blow to the
images/img_00403.png	so - or run the obvious # risks in upsetting
images/img_00404.png	America's dollar reserves . Dr. Adenauer's
images/img_00405.png	offer of 357million . President Kennedy's
images/img_00406.png	These support costs are a big drain on
images/img_00407.png	West German Government . It will now have to pay
images/img_00408.png	dollar reserves . Dr. Adenauer's answer is the
images/img_00409.png	run the obvious risks in upsetting the new
images/img_00410.png	Kennedy's rejection of it is a painful blow to the
images/img_00411.png	American administration .
images/img_00412.png	These support costs are a big drain on America's
images/img_00413.png	more - and increase taxation to do so - or
images/img_00414.png	once-and-for-all cash offer of 357million . President
images/img_00415.png	was waiting for his senior military
images/img_00416.png	spot . Joyce Egginton cables : President
images/img_00417.png	Kennedy at his Washington Press con-
images/img_00418.png	ference admitted he did not know
images/img_00419.png	February 20 .
images/img_00420.png	whether America was lagging behind
images/img_00421.png	And , since this is election year in West
images/img_00422.png	aides to come up with the answer on
images/img_00423.png	Russia in missile power . He said he
images/img_00424.png	Germany , Dr. Adenauer is in a tough
images/img_00425.png	And , since this is election year in West
images/img_00426.png	lagging behind Russia in missile power .
images/img_00427.png	Germany , Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot .
images/img_00428.png	he did not know whether America was
images/img_00429.png	at his Washington Press conference admitted
images/img_00430.png	Joyce Egginton cables : President Kennedy
images/img_00431.png	He said he was waiting for his senior
images/img_00432.png	military aides to come up with the answer
images/img_00433.png	on February 20 .
images/img_00434.png	in personality last night dominated
images/img_00435.png	CHILDREN TWO men who are poles apart
images/img_00436.png	slackness in the Eisenhower Administration
images/img_00437.png	This surprising statement was a sharp about-
images/img_00438.png	did his best to avoid giving Pressmen
images/img_00439.png	in nuclear development . President Kennedy
images/img_00440.png	had caused America to lag behind Russia
images/img_00441.png	face from his warnings during the
images/img_00442.png	Presidential election campaign . He claimed
images/img_00443.png	a direct answer . George Brown
images/img_00444.png	Mr. Brown , passionate and warm-hearted , led
images/img_00445.png	always come first .
images/img_00446.png	issue behind the Health Service ; the other
images/img_00447.png	tried to show that the balance-sheet must
images/img_00448.png	to angry uproar . One dealt with the human
images/img_00449.png	ment - and ended by inciting Labour M Ps
images/img_00450.png	unemotional , replied with a statistical state-
images/img_00451.png	charges . Mr. Powell , white-faced and outwardly
images/img_00452.png	Labour's attack on the higher health
images/img_00453.png	statistical statement - and ended by inciting
images/img_00454.png	balance-sheet must always come first .
images/img_00455.png	charges . Mr. Powell , white-faced and
images/img_00456.png	with the human issue behind the Health
images/img_00457.png	Service ; the other tried to show that the
images/img_00458.png	outwardly unemotional , replied with a
images/img_00459.png	Labour M Ps to angry uproar . One dealt
images/img_00460.png	Mr. Brown , passionate and warm-hearted ,
images/img_00461.png	led Labour's attack on the higher health
images/img_00462.png	people far beyond the ranks of Labour
images/img_00463.png	" undermining the Health Service " and
images/img_00464.png	censure motion on the Government for
images/img_00465.png	The result of the vote was not in
images/img_00466.png	able to bear them . Mr. Brown
images/img_00467.png	doubt . For the Tories were massed
images/img_00468.png	was monstrous . It had offended many
images/img_00469.png	placing heavy burdens on those least
images/img_00470.png	declared that the policy under censure
images/img_00471.png	in answer to their whips to defeat a
images/img_00472.png	supporters .
images/img_00473.png	For the Tories were massed in answer to
images/img_00474.png	many people far beyond the ranks of
images/img_00475.png	The result of the vote was not in doubt .
images/img_00476.png	on the Government for " undermining the
images/img_00477.png	Brown declared that the policy under
images/img_00478.png	censure was monstrous . It had offended
images/img_00479.png	Labour supporters .
images/img_00480.png	on those least able to bear them . Mr.
images/img_00481.png	their whips to defeat a censure motion
images/img_00482.png	Health Service " and placing heavy burdens
images/img_00483.png	this letter which Mr. Gaitskell had received :
images/img_00484.png	whole principle of the State service and
images/img_00485.png	by my party's proposal to prostitute the
images/img_00486.png	has practised medicine for 43 years , chiefly
images/img_00487.png	Conservative . I am horrified and amazed
images/img_00488.png	The Press , many doctors and public were
images/img_00489.png	to render that service a hardship to poor
images/img_00490.png	" My background is a doctor of 68 , who
images/img_00491.png	as a panel doctor . " I am a lifelong
images/img_00492.png	denouncing the proposals . He quoted from
images/img_00493.png	people .
images/img_00494.png	quantity surveyor . We have descended
images/img_00495.png	" After a lifetime of helping others and
images/img_00496.png	the increased charges is a wicked ,
images/img_00497.png	healing the sick , my considered
images/img_00498.png	opinion is that anybody supporting
images/img_00499.png	needs an imaginative architect to
images/img_00500.png	old - . " Mr. Brown went on : " We
images/img_00501.png	with bills of cost .
images/img_00502.png	are dealing with a noble edifice which
images/img_00503.png	improve it , but it has got a
images/img_00504.png	from the real problems to fiddling about
images/img_00505.png	fiddling about with bills of cost .
images/img_00506.png	" After a lifetime of helping others and
images/img_00507.png	healing the sick , my considered opinion is that
images/img_00508.png	anybody supporting the increased charges is a
images/img_00509.png	it , but it has got a quantity surveyor . We
images/img_00510.png	wicked , old - . " Mr. Brown went on : " We
images/img_00511.png	are dealing with a noble edifice which
images/img_00512.png	needs an imaginative architect to improve
images/img_00513.png	have descended from the real problems to
images/img_00514.png	never were . " Interrupted by angry Tories , Mr. Brown retorted :
images/img_00515.png	people , is good and attainable . " We remain for it . But the Tories
images/img_00516.png	We believe that a comprehensive medical service , free to the patient
images/img_00517.png	at the point of need and with one standard for all sick
images/img_00518.png	" The jackals bay when there is nothing better they can do . "
images/img_00519.png	sick people , is good and attainable .
images/img_00520.png	Mr. Brown retorted : " The jackals bay
images/img_00521.png	when there is nothing better they can do . "
images/img_00522.png	never were . " Interrupted by angry Tories ,
images/img_00523.png	" We remain for it . But the Tories
images/img_00524.png	of need and with one standard for all
images/img_00525.png	" We believe that a comprehensive medical
images/img_00526.png	service , free to the patient at the point
images/img_00527.png	He told them that their conception of social services was wholly
images/img_00528.png	the Korean war .
images/img_00529.png	wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to
images/img_00530.png	get . Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a
images/img_00531.png	ceiling on health spending and started charges , Mr. Brown
images/img_00532.png	reminded the hostile Government benches that was
images/img_00533.png	would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely
images/img_00534.png	different - fundamentally different from that of Labour . They
images/img_00535.png	done in 1950 because of the financial strain of
images/img_00536.png	nor too easy to get . Answering jeers that
images/img_00537.png	services was wholly different - fundamentally
images/img_00538.png	He told them that their conception of social
images/img_00539.png	provide an ambulance service for the absolutely
images/img_00540.png	different from that of Labour . They would
images/img_00541.png	Brown reminded the hostile Government benches
images/img_00542.png	on health spending and started charges , Mr.
images/img_00543.png	strain of the Korean war .
images/img_00544.png	that was done in 1950 because of the financial
images/img_00545.png	wretched - but it would not be too comfortable
images/img_00546.png	it was Labour which first put a ceiling
images/img_00547.png	take ruthless action against the drug making
images/img_00548.png	per cent. in the last eight years .
images/img_00549.png	unsmiling Mr. Powell . He demanded that instead
images/img_00550.png	Then Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to the
images/img_00551.png	needy than Labour had to make it in 1950 . And
images/img_00552.png	In fact , the Tories made it worse now for the sick and
images/img_00553.png	of taking it out of the patients Mr. Powell should
images/img_00554.png	industry , whose profits had risen by up to 400
images/img_00555.png	as a percentage of social service expenditure ,
images/img_00556.png	health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent.
images/img_00557.png	that instead of taking it out of the
images/img_00558.png	to make it in 1950 . And as a percentage
images/img_00559.png	of social service expenditure , health had
images/img_00560.png	fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent. Then
images/img_00561.png	Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to
images/img_00562.png	for the sick and needy than Labour had
images/img_00563.png	action against the drug making industry , #
images/img_00564.png	In fact , the Tories made it worse now
images/img_00565.png	whose profits had risen by up to 400 per
images/img_00566.png	the unsmiling Mr. Powell . He demanded
images/img_00567.png	patients Mr. Powell should take ruthless
images/img_00568.png	to the welfare food scheme . It was maintained
images/img_00569.png	during the war . Now in conditions of Tory
images/img_00570.png	industry , " Mr. Brown commented icily . " Let us have a
images/img_00571.png	industry . " The health of children today owed much
images/img_00572.png	affluence it seemed it could not be carried on .
images/img_00573.png	full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical
images/img_00574.png	children and sick people than to take on this vast
images/img_00575.png	" Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers ,
images/img_00576.png	the war . Now in conditions of Tory
images/img_00577.png	food scheme . It was maintained during
images/img_00578.png	carried on .
images/img_00579.png	the pharmaceutical industry . " The health
images/img_00580.png	affluence it seemed it could not be
images/img_00581.png	of mothers , children and sick people than
images/img_00582.png	of children today owed much to the welfare
images/img_00583.png	full inquiry into the cost of drugs and
images/img_00584.png	Brown commented icily . " Let us have a
images/img_00585.png	to take on this vast industry , " Mr.
images/img_00586.png	" Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out
images/img_00587.png	to giving details of plans for improving the hospital service ,
images/img_00588.png	on which indeed the Government is making progress .
images/img_00589.png	a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents
images/img_00590.png	" even after the proposed changes the net cost of the
images/img_00591.png	service to the Exchequer will have increased over
images/img_00592.png	When Mr . Brown sat down Labour M Ps cheered for
images/img_00593.png	three years by 20 per cent.
images/img_00594.png	on defence joined in . Mr. Powell devoted half his speech
images/img_00595.png	His basic defence of the Health Service cuts was that
images/img_00596.png	Health Service cuts was that " even after
images/img_00597.png	making progress . His basic defence of the
images/img_00598.png	service , on which indeed the Government is
images/img_00599.png	cheered for a full minute - and even his
images/img_00600.png	the proposed changes the net cost of the
images/img_00601.png	bitterest opponents on defence joined in .
images/img_00602.png	details of plans for improving the hospital
images/img_00603.png	over three years by 20 per cent.
images/img_00604.png	When Mr . Brown sat down Labour M Ps
images/img_00605.png	service to the Exchequer will have increased
images/img_00606.png	Mr. Powell devoted half his speech to giving
images/img_00607.png	foods would still be free in families
images/img_00608.png	adjustment being made in financing . "
images/img_00609.png	receiving regular National Assistance
images/img_00610.png	The Government decided to adjust
images/img_00611.png	undermining - the service . Answering the
images/img_00612.png	claimed was underpinning - not
images/img_00613.png	development being limited or an
images/img_00614.png	" That cannot continue without either
images/img_00615.png	the financing - which Mr. Powell
images/img_00616.png	grants .
images/img_00617.png	foods , Mr. Powell said that all these
images/img_00618.png	attack on " economic charges " for welfare
images/img_00619.png	Powell said that all these foods would
images/img_00620.png	adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell
images/img_00621.png	still be free in families receiving regular
images/img_00622.png	claimed was underpinning - not undermining -
images/img_00623.png	the service . Answering the attack on
images/img_00624.png	National Assistance grants .
images/img_00625.png	being limited or an adjustment being made
images/img_00626.png	in financing . " The Government decided to
images/img_00627.png	" economic charges " for welfare foods , Mr.
images/img_00628.png	" That cannot continue without either development
images/img_00629.png	the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was
images/img_00630.png	for welfare , Mr. Powell said that all these
images/img_00631.png	being limited or an adjustment being made
images/img_00632.png	" That cannot continue without either development
images/img_00633.png	foods would still be free in families receiving
images/img_00634.png	underpinning - not undermining - the service .
images/img_00635.png	Answering the attack on " economic charges "
images/img_00636.png	regular National Assistance grants .
images/img_00637.png	in financing . " The Government decided to adjust
images/img_00638.png	taken as a friendly gesture in Whitehall ,
images/img_00639.png	de Gaulle's official welcome last week
images/img_00640.png	MR. Macmillan has picked a strong " brains trust "
images/img_00641.png	Gaulle this month to smooth the way . General
images/img_00642.png	but no more than that .
images/img_00643.png	And he has abandoned plans to visit President de
images/img_00644.png	team to negotiate terms for joining the Common Market .
images/img_00645.png	to Britain's moves towards the Six was
images/img_00646.png	of negotiations with the Six . At the same
images/img_00647.png	the Prime Minister to Paris was dropped
images/img_00648.png	safeguard their interests
images/img_00649.png	France , to back Mr. Edward Heath , Lord
images/img_00650.png	Privy Seal , who is charged with the conduct
images/img_00651.png	Sir Pierson Dixon , Britain's Ambassador to
images/img_00652.png	So the idea of personal mission by
images/img_00653.png	Commonwealth Governments every facility possible to
images/img_00654.png	Instead Mr. Macmillan will rely on a
images/img_00655.png	time the Prime Minister has offered
images/img_00656.png	hand-picked team under the leadership of
images/img_00657.png	Commonwealth Relations Secretary , that they wish to be kept
images/img_00658.png	countries can arrange for observers to advise the British
images/img_00659.png	in touch in London . Three of them - Canada , Australia ,
images/img_00660.png	meeting in London on Monday . Once the Common
images/img_00661.png	Seven Commonwealth countries have told Mr. Sandys ,
images/img_00662.png	negotiating team .
images/img_00663.png	New Zealand - will have strong delegations at an opening
images/img_00664.png	for negotiations in a fortnight's time , these Commonwealth
images/img_00665.png	Market's Council of Ministers draws up the procedure
images/img_00666.png	his days as Britain's chief UN dele-
images/img_00667.png	son Dixon has a wide reputation as
images/img_00668.png	is represented by Sir Roderick Barclay
images/img_00669.png	Food , and Fisheries . The Foreign Office
images/img_00670.png	tary at the Ministry of Agriculture ,
images/img_00671.png	gate . Second in command is Mr.
images/img_00672.png	The team is composed of experienced
images/img_00673.png	negotiators in several fields . Sir Pier-
images/img_00674.png	a skilful backstage negotiator since
images/img_00675.png	Eric Roll , 53-year-old Deputy Secre-
images/img_00676.png	negotiations should be held .
images/img_00677.png	Market Commission , or wherever the Six decide
images/img_00678.png	the Commonwealth Relations Office , Sir William
images/img_00679.png	he goes to Brussels , headquarters of the Common
images/img_00680.png	( Treasury ) , and Mr. G. H. Andrew ( Board of Trade ) .
images/img_00681.png	Other leading members are : Sir Henry Lintott from
images/img_00682.png	Corell-Barnes ( Colonial Office ) , Mr. G. R. Bell
images/img_00683.png	They will accompany Mr. Heath next month when
images/img_00684.png	fated to fly into trouble abroad . Last year it was
images/img_00685.png	Some of the problems were reviewed yesterday at a
images/img_00686.png	the riots in Istanbul , which enlivened the NATO
images/img_00687.png	meeting in Paris between M. Couve de Murville , French
images/img_00688.png	a man with troubles enough back home - seems
images/img_00689.png	Council meeting .
images/img_00690.png	Foreign Minister , and Mr. Heath . MR. Selwyn Lloyd -
images/img_00691.png	Now we have the strikes and demonstrations in
images/img_00692.png	Ghana coinciding with the meeting of the Com-
images/img_00693.png	monwealth Economic Consultative Council - the
images/img_00694.png	ter Mr Lloyd and his 24-strong delegation landed
images/img_00695.png	Stores , the largest in town .
images/img_00696.png	first to be held in Africa . Only a few hours af-
images/img_00697.png	demonstrated outside the British-owned Kingsway
images/img_00698.png	at Accra this morning , hundreds of shop assistants
images/img_00699.png	including a compulsory savings scheme which the
images/img_00700.png	Ghana Government introduced in July . Ghana's strong
images/img_00701.png	man is not here to face the storm . President Nkrumah ,
images/img_00702.png	having made his contribution to the neutrals' conference
images/img_00703.png	The stores had been hit by the same strike wave
images/img_00704.png	in Belgrade , has resumed his holiday on the Black
images/img_00705.png	week . Root of the discontent : The austerity Budget ,
images/img_00706.png	will return .
images/img_00707.png	Sea and no one here professes to know when he
images/img_00708.png	that has paralysed the port of Takoradi for the past
images/img_00709.png	But in his absence his chief lieutenants have
images/img_00710.png	been raised against the strikers and is now beginning
images/img_00711.png	not let him down . The strong arm of authority has
images/img_00712.png	of the people is the supreme law " ) reports : " The
images/img_00713.png	Government has been urged to take immediate ac-
images/img_00714.png	to tell . Today's Ghanaian Times ( motto : " The welfare
images/img_00715.png	tion to deal ruthlessly with the strikers . "
images/img_00716.png	Nkrumah's Convention Party " after powerful addresses
images/img_00717.png	becomes an offence punishable with imprisonment
images/img_00718.png	essential services and ensure food supplies . Thus it
images/img_00719.png	the Government adequate power to maintain all
images/img_00720.png	for anyone who " publishes a report likely to cause
images/img_00721.png	others . Strong deeds followed strong words . In Takoradi
images/img_00722.png	by Comrades Krobo Edusei , Tawia Adamafio , " and
images/img_00723.png	The urge came from a conference of activists of
images/img_00724.png	alarm or prejudicial to public safety . "
images/img_00725.png	a " limited state of emergency " was declared , giving
images/img_00726.png	Accra ?
images/img_00727.png	strikers gave in , but in Takoradi , the chief storm centre ,
images/img_00728.png	Government react when the strikers demonstrated in
images/img_00729.png	on anyone convicted of sabotage . These stern measures
images/img_00730.png	police and 16 armoured cars . And how did the
images/img_00731.png	they are still holding out despite the presence of 1,400
images/img_00732.png	And up to ten years' imprisonment can be imposed
images/img_00733.png	had the desired effect today at Kumasi where the
images/img_00734.png	" If you have not dispersed by ten o'clock , " he
images/img_00735.png	drove up to the Kingsway Stores and faced the
images/img_00736.png	a posse of police arrived and in less than
images/img_00737.png	two minutes the crowd had gone .
images/img_00738.png	At 9.40 Mr. Edusei , Minister of Transport and pro-
images/img_00739.png	demonstrators , most of them shopgirls in overalls .
images/img_00740.png	told them , ' the police will act . ' At five to ten
images/img_00741.png	bably the toughest man in Mr. Nkrumah's team ,
images/img_00742.png	Commonwealth was an occasion worthy of his presence .
images/img_00743.png	After all it was Mr. Nkrumah who suggested that this
images/img_00744.png	year the Economic Consultative Council should meet
images/img_00745.png	thought that the muster from the 13 States of the
images/img_00746.png	the President back from his travels it might have been
images/img_00747.png	in Accra .
images/img_00748.png	* enough
images/img_00749.png	If the threatened " counter-revolution " was not * to bring
images/img_00750.png	yesterday . It said pressure was being put on
images/img_00751.png	disarming Committee of 100 , the Committee claimed
images/img_00752.png	Minister , to do the honours as host , in which capacity
images/img_00753.png	It has been left , however , to Mr. Goka , Ghana's Finance
images/img_00754.png	openly intimidating members of Earl Russell's nuclear-
images/img_00755.png	members and associates all over the country .
images/img_00756.png	he held a reception tonight in Accra's Ambassador
images/img_00757.png	Hotel . POLICE , on direct orders from the Cabinet , are
images/img_00758.png	with the committee was going too far ; another
images/img_00759.png	was not .
images/img_00760.png	to pass the time of day " ; Supporters had
images/img_00761.png	people " on no pretext whatsoever , except
images/img_00762.png	that anti-apartheid agitation was
images/img_00763.png	going out of action ; Police were visiting
images/img_00764.png	all right , but support for the committee
images/img_00765.png	It alleged : Phones were being tapped and
images/img_00766.png	been warned - one that his connection
images/img_00767.png	committee members will appear at Bow-street
images/img_00768.png	Mr. Clark .
images/img_00769.png	today , including Lord Russell , Lady Russell ,
images/img_00770.png	by plain-clothes men . Committee-member Mr. George
images/img_00771.png	Clark commented at a Press conference : " The
images/img_00772.png	most extraordinary things are happening . " Fifty
images/img_00773.png	A third man's house was watched for four days
images/img_00774.png	Lord Boyd-Orr , the Rev. Michael Scott , and
images/img_00775.png	packing a case , at his Chelsea home
images/img_00776.png	yesterday . His secretary , American-born
images/img_00777.png	Mr. Ralph Schoenman , said :
images/img_00778.png	putting his affairs in order , and
images/img_00779.png	are " likely to persevere in such unlawful
images/img_00780.png	the peace and for inciting a breach
images/img_00781.png	should not be bound over for disturbing
images/img_00782.png	They are required to show why they
images/img_00783.png	conduct . " Lord Russell , 89 , was
images/img_00784.png	of the peace . The summonses say they
images/img_00785.png	hopes to be allowed to do some writing . " Back at
images/img_00786.png	members tried a " plant " call on suspect phone . They
images/img_00787.png	discussed a sit-down at Watford at 5.30 p.m. - none
images/img_00788.png	probably mean jail and , though frail , he is very fit and
images/img_00789.png	the Press conference , Mr. Clark said two committee
images/img_00790.png	will take the rigours of prison in his stride . He
images/img_00791.png	" He is not going to agree to be bound over . That will
images/img_00792.png	was planned but police turned up .
images/img_00793.png	longer accepted the good faith of Mr. Kenneth
images/img_00794.png	Sir Roy Welensky said today that he no
images/img_00795.png	Federal Parliament in Salisbury .
images/img_00796.png	of lawlessness among UNIP supporters went
images/img_00797.png	until he was outlawed in 1959 . The record
images/img_00798.png	Party was a monster as vicious as the Zambia
images/img_00799.png	said that Mr. Kaunda's United National Independence
images/img_00800.png	back a long way , Sir Roy told the
images/img_00801.png	Kaunda . Sir Roy , Federal Rhodesian Prime Minister ,
images/img_00802.png	National Congress , which was led by Mr. Kaunda
images/img_00803.png	He cited cases in which hundreds of UNIP supporters
images/img_00804.png	the UNIP - were convicted last month in the
images/img_00805.png	charges of creating disturbances . During the first
images/img_00806.png	had been arrested or convicted since last year on
images/img_00807.png	than 500 people - 167 of them members of
images/img_00808.png	three weeks of the present trouble 287 incidents
images/img_00809.png	had been reported in Northern Rhodesia . More
images/img_00810.png	Northern Province alone .
images/img_00811.png	Kaunda's repeated statements that all he is
images/img_00812.png	Sir Roy . " I am now compelled to say that
images/img_00813.png	had stimulated violence , but he had done
images/img_00814.png	" Against this background must be taken Mr.
images/img_00815.png	doing is in the name of non-violence , " said
images/img_00816.png	nothing to stop it .
images/img_00817.png	Mr. Kaunda must know that his statements
images/img_00818.png	I don't accept his good faith . " He said
images/img_00819.png	from Northern Rhodesia when his followers have
images/img_00820.png	would make the Mau Mau in Kenya " seem like a
images/img_00821.png	" It is true he made a point of again being absent
images/img_00822.png	child's picnic . "
images/img_00823.png	indulged in such violence . " But Sir Roy pointed out
images/img_00824.png	if UNIP did not get its way what would happen
images/img_00825.png	that a few months ago Mr. Kaunda said that
images/img_00826.png	return from Scotland yesterday . He summoned Mr.
images/img_00827.png	new Constitution provided law and order is maintained
images/img_00828.png	JOHN DICKIE writes : Mr. Macmillan gave top
images/img_00829.png	in Northern Rhodesia .
images/img_00830.png	to hold the door open for modifications to the
images/img_00831.png	Iain Macleod , Colonial Secretary , and Mr. Duncan Sandys ,
images/img_00832.png	priority to the clash over Northern Rhodesia on his
images/img_00833.png	at Admiralty House . A statement is expected today
images/img_00834.png	Commonwealth Relations Secretary for an hour's talks
images/img_00835.png	African nationalists . Mr. Macleod has ample evidence
images/img_00836.png	Liberal leader , and Mr. Kaunda , that the bulk
images/img_00837.png	problem . Mr. Sandys has warned of the risk of a
images/img_00838.png	suggestion that there may be fresh concessions to the
images/img_00839.png	Constitution unless it is modified .
images/img_00840.png	of moderates and Africans will reject the
images/img_00841.png	from talks with Sir John Moffat , Northern Rhodesian
images/img_00842.png	strong reaction from Sir Roy Welensky to any
images/img_00843.png	Its terms have set the Prime Minister an exacting
images/img_00844.png	foot of his airliner's steps at London Airport
images/img_00845.png	of Gloucester .
images/img_00846.png	kneeling with heads bowed . The princess ,
images/img_00847.png	Buganda ( King Freddie ) from Princess
images/img_00848.png	aged 24 , is now studying history at Cambri-
images/img_00849.png	A ROYAL welcome for the Kabaka of
images/img_00850.png	yesterday . Forty other Africans greeted him ,
images/img_00851.png	dge , where she is a friend of Prince William
images/img_00852.png	Elizabeth Bagaya of Toro , kneeling at the
images/img_00853.png	Colonial Secretary Mr. Iain Macleod , before the
images/img_00854.png	to settle the relationships between them and the
images/img_00855.png	King Freddie and three other hereditary rulers of
images/img_00856.png	The question : Their status in an independent Uganda .
images/img_00857.png	rest of the country . A Government report has
images/img_00858.png	recognised their rights and recommended a form of
images/img_00859.png	native kingdoms in Uganda arrived for talks with
images/img_00860.png	The thorniest problem for next week's conference is
images/img_00861.png	Uganda Constitutional conference opens next Monday .
images/img_00862.png	federal association , but the four kings are not
images/img_00863.png	Government authority yet presented by the
images/img_00864.png	to deal with the mass sit-down rally planned
images/img_00865.png	Committee of 100 , the anti-nuclear arms
images/img_00866.png	to meet head-on the biggest challenge to
images/img_00867.png	" Ban-the-Bomb " demonstrators . Police leave
images/img_00868.png	Instead , the kings will remain in London
images/img_00869.png	group .
images/img_00870.png	for Sunday in Parliament-square by the
images/img_00871.png	Then their views will be transmitted back .
images/img_00872.png	has been cancelled and secret plans prepared
images/img_00873.png	and wait to hear the conference's proposals .
images/img_00874.png	MR. BUTLER , the Home Secretary , has decided
images/img_00875.png	jailed for a month .
images/img_00876.png	a breach of the peace . The committee's
images/img_00877.png	his 61-year-old wife were each jailed for
images/img_00878.png	Committee of 100 being imprisoned for inciting
images/img_00879.png	president 89-year-old Earl Russell and
images/img_00880.png	and Robert Bolt ( The Flowering Cherry ) were
images/img_00881.png	a week . Playwrights Arnold Wesker ( The Kitchen )
images/img_00882.png	ended yesterday in 32 members of the
images/img_00883.png	It was Mr. Butler who authorised action which
images/img_00884.png	invoke the Public Order Act , 1936 , and
images/img_00885.png	It was last used a year ago , to deal
images/img_00886.png	of Parliament Square . "
images/img_00887.png	Mr. Butler will have talks with Police
images/img_00888.png	the demonstrators sit down or not - was
images/img_00889.png	with the St. Pancras rent riots . Today
images/img_00890.png	declare the whole rally illegal - whether
images/img_00891.png	being discussed in Whitehall last night .
images/img_00892.png	Commissioner Sir Joseph Simpson to
images/img_00893.png	The possibility that the Government might
images/img_00894.png	draw up final plans for the " Battle
images/img_00895.png	and reserves , with 750 policemen posted
images/img_00896.png	the area - West End Central , Bow-street ,
images/img_00897.png	call-out of police , special constables
images/img_00898.png	and Cannon-row .
images/img_00899.png	from outlying districts to stations in
images/img_00900.png	Measures agreed so far include : 1 . A mass
images/img_00901.png	been # particularly intensified in the past year
images/img_00902.png	in the United Nations , these exchanges have not
images/img_00903.png	is known for some time to have favoured a
images/img_00904.png	or so and though so far , apart from joint action
images/img_00905.png	nesia arrived in Belgrade as the guest of the Yugoslav
images/img_00906.png	been seen on any wider basis , President Tito
images/img_00907.png	Today , for example , the Foreign Minister of Indo-
images/img_00908.png	Foreign Minister . In fact such Yugoslav activity has
images/img_00909.png	conference of neutralist leaders .
images/img_00910.png	on the occasion of the conference in Casablanca and ,
images/img_00911.png	in particular , in Yugoslav approval of the idea of an
images/img_00912.png	coordinate activity on the political and economic
images/img_00913.png	Tito would like some such idea extended also
images/img_00914.png	sphere ; and it is not difficult to see that President
images/img_00915.png	to the whole uncommitted world
images/img_00916.png	inter-African consultative assembly which would
images/img_00917.png	The wish was particularly apparent in comments
images/img_00918.png	time is ripe to have more frequent consultations between
images/img_00919.png	the uncommitted countries and even to work out common
images/img_00920.png	situation and especially in view of fresh problems facing
images/img_00921.png	stands on various problems facing those nations . Two
images/img_00922.png	the new and independent countries of Africa , that the
images/img_00923.png	of the talks in Belgrade - and on both the two
images/img_00924.png	subjects , the Congo and Algeria , are the main topics
images/img_00925.png	But he now feels , in view of a changed international
images/img_00926.png	leaders have identical ideas .
images/img_00927.png	was reported earlier in Laos that Prince
images/img_00928.png	Government .
images/img_00929.png	Souvanna Phouma , the former Prime Min-
images/img_00930.png	Prince Souvanna Phouma to join his
images/img_00931.png	ister , to return to Laos . No details of
images/img_00932.png	Phnom Penh , Cambodia , to invite Prince
images/img_00933.png	Boun Oum was considering asking
images/img_00934.png	their mission have been disclosed , but it
images/img_00935.png	Two emissaries from the Laotian Government
images/img_00936.png	of Prince Boun Oum have arrived in
images/img_00937.png	Laos . His policy of strict neutrality from 1951
images/img_00938.png	pro-western centre and south .
images/img_00939.png	to 1958 kept the kingdom in peace , though
images/img_00940.png	at the cost of virtual partition of the country
images/img_00941.png	the mission , but recent statements made by him
images/img_00942.png	himself as the only legal Prime Minister of
images/img_00943.png	into the pro-communist north and the
images/img_00944.png	Prince Souvanna Phouma has not yet replied to
images/img_00945.png	in Phnom Penh indicate that he still regards
images/img_00946.png	Haksat Party , also to the officers
images/img_00947.png	Prince Souphannouvong , leader
images/img_00948.png	occupying the province of Xieng
images/img_00949.png	Laos , yesterday addressed all officers
images/img_00950.png	Prince Souvanna's former Minister of
images/img_00951.png	claims to be his representative in
images/img_00952.png	of the pro-communist Neo Lao
images/img_00953.png	in the same terms .
images/img_00954.png	of the pro-communist forces
images/img_00955.png	Khouang and emphasized that
images/img_00956.png	Information , Mr. Quinim Pholsena , who
images/img_00957.png	Government suggests that all is not well
images/img_00958.png	communists' former base 60 miles
images/img_00959.png	of the pro-communists . Most of the
images/img_00960.png	with the political and military leadership
images/img_00961.png	The Government has claimed the
images/img_00962.png	province of Xieng Khouang and the
images/img_00963.png	This emphasis on the legality of the former
images/img_00964.png	appear still to be firmly in their hands .
images/img_00965.png	tactically useful Plain of Jars , however ,
images/img_00966.png	recapture of Vang Vieng , the pro-
images/img_00967.png	north of Vientiane , but this claim
images/img_00968.png	160 speeches in 80 constituencies in 10 days , the Liberal
images/img_00969.png	Party are holding a national conference here with
images/img_00970.png	and # his Cabinet out in the grass roots making
images/img_00971.png	leader .
images/img_00972.png	this village was still held by the pro-communists .
images/img_00973.png	A correspondent who travelled yesterday to within
images/img_00974.png	when Mr. Lester Pearson was chosen as party
images/img_00975.png	With the Prime Minister sunning himself in Jamaica
images/img_00976.png	some 2,000 delegates , the biggest gathering since 1958
images/img_00977.png	a few miles of Vang Vieng was told by officers that
images/img_00978.png	In some ways it will be a testing occasion
images/img_00979.png	ference will concentrate on laying the
images/img_00980.png	foundations on which to win the next
images/img_00981.png	else in sight to supplant him . So the con-
images/img_00982.png	ments by the Prime Minister there is an
images/img_00983.png	air of electoral expectancy .
images/img_00984.png	unassailable simply because there is no one
images/img_00985.png	when in spite of carefully worded state-
images/img_00986.png	election . The rally comes at a time
images/img_00987.png	for him , although some think his position
images/img_00988.png	Members of the Cabinet are basing their speeches on
images/img_00989.png	heavy unemployment and an uncertain economy .
images/img_00990.png	illusion in the Conservative Party that their
images/img_00991.png	a half years ago . Nevertheless there is little
images/img_00992.png	a new Conservative booklet called The Record Speaks
images/img_00993.png	of the party since it came to office three and
images/img_00994.png	which outlines in some detail the accomplishments
images/img_00995.png	stock at home has fallen in the face of
images/img_00996.png	Last year saw the defeat of two Conservative
images/img_00997.png	Maritimes - Restigouche Madawaska , New Brunswick ,
images/img_00998.png	one in Leeds , Ontario , and the other two in the
images/img_00999.png	provincial governments , Quebec and New Brunswick , and
images/img_01000.png	and Kings , Prince Edward Island .
images/img_01001.png	in the four federal by-elections last October the party
images/img_01002.png	elections , one at Esquimalt Saanich , British Columbia ,
images/img_01003.png	fared badly . They are now faced with four other by-
images/img_01004.png	All four were Conservative strongholds . Last September
images/img_01005.png	held last autumn , 38 per cent for the
images/img_01006.png	the Administration came to power in 1957 the
images/img_01007.png	Liberals were ahead ( 43 per cent were in favour
images/img_01008.png	a public poll showed that for the first time since
images/img_01009.png	Conservatives and 12 per cent for the C.C.F. ) .
images/img_01010.png	of " The Grits " if a federal election had been
images/img_01011.png	Diefenbaker was still ahead in terms of
images/img_01012.png	popularity as an individual leader ( for
images/img_01013.png	However , a separate poll revealed that Mr.
images/img_01014.png	Pearson 34 per cent ) . How far is Mr.
images/img_01015.png	of Canada as a Prime Minister ? Many
images/img_01016.png	observers at the national rally will be
images/img_01017.png	seeking an answer .
images/img_01018.png	Mr. Diefenbaker 36 per cent , for Mr.
images/img_01019.png	Lester Pearson acceptable to the people
images/img_01020.png	in Algoma East .
images/img_01021.png	baker was in the last two campaigns . The
images/img_01022.png	It is difficult for many to see Mr. Pearson
images/img_01023.png	in the chancery , or the corridors of the United
images/img_01024.png	impression remains that the Liberal leader
images/img_01025.png	Nations , not the father figure , so necessary
images/img_01026.png	hustings , the spellbinder that Mr. Diefen-
images/img_01027.png	politician , able to talk about sewage problems
images/img_01028.png	is still the diplomatist , more at home
images/img_01029.png	in Canadian leadership , or the practical
images/img_01030.png	in the role of a popular orator at the
images/img_01031.png	still regard him " as some sort of cross
images/img_01032.png	correct that image . The bow tie has
images/img_01033.png	by speech experts .
images/img_01034.png	On the other hand , Mr. Pearson excels
images/img_01035.png	television techniques and is being coached
images/img_01036.png	His party advisers are now trying to
images/img_01037.png	between an egghead and a missionary " .
images/img_01038.png	in meeting people informally , but many
images/img_01039.png	gone ; he is having lessons on
images/img_01040.png	baker in the House in those early
images/img_01041.png	leading the Opposition with skill and
images/img_01042.png	ammunition given him by the Gov-
images/img_01043.png	Everything is being done to promote
images/img_01044.png	ernment in recent sessions , he is
images/img_01045.png	much lessly trounced by Mr. Diefen-
images/img_01046.png	a new image . Certainly , he is now a
images/img_01047.png	assurance and is a match for the
images/img_01048.png	Prime Minister across the floor .
images/img_01049.png	but now , with plenty of political
images/img_01050.png	days . It has been a hard road back
images/img_01051.png	will go . The main topic under review is
images/img_01052.png	provinces . However , be this election
images/img_01053.png	year or not , Mr. Pearson , with his party
images/img_01054.png	committees examining subjects
images/img_01055.png	increasingly confident of return to power ,
images/img_01056.png	ranging from foreign investment in
images/img_01057.png	new and dynamic liberalism " and this
images/img_01058.png	Mr. Pearson is now talking about " his
images/img_01059.png	Canada to the problems of the Atlantic
images/img_01060.png	week will # show perhaps how far " Mike
images/img_01061.png	Sentence Database
images/img_01062.png	unemployment , but there will be 21
images/img_01063.png	as a military project ; or that the European space satellite
images/img_01064.png	Stated more bluntly , they are still unconvinced that
images/img_01065.png	interested in the principle of space research , but rather
images/img_01066.png	this is not primarily an effort on Britain's part to
images/img_01067.png	Mr. Thorneycroft , the Minister of Aviation , who arrives in
images/img_01068.png	is indeed to be purely scientific in character .
images/img_01069.png	Sentence Database
images/img_01070.png	Bonn tomorrow for talks with the Federal Government on a
images/img_01071.png	salve Blue Streak , which was abandoned last summer
images/img_01072.png	sceptical about British plans for organizing it .
images/img_01073.png	European space satellite project , will find the Germans
images/img_01074.png	involved is really worth while , at a time when
images/img_01075.png	any increase in budgetary commitments
images/img_01076.png	remove these doubts , and to persuade the
images/img_01077.png	Mr. Thorneycroft's main purpose will be to
images/img_01078.png	rise in taxation - something no one is prepared
images/img_01079.png	would almost certainly involve a corresponding
images/img_01080.png	to contemplate in an election year .
images/img_01081.png	Federal Government that the financial burden
images/img_01082.png	efforts , as Die Welt suggests today in
images/img_01083.png	convinced , on the basis of the information
images/img_01084.png	believe that the Federal Government is not
images/img_01085.png	But , at the same time , there is reason to
images/img_01086.png	be justified from a scientific point of view ;
images/img_01087.png	a highly critical editorial article .
images/img_01088.png	satellite , duplicating to some extent American
images/img_01089.png	and not merely constitute a " prestige "
images/img_01090.png	it has so far , that such a project would
images/img_01091.png	stage , but the French have one of their
images/img_01092.png	have reached a sufficient stage of development
images/img_01093.png	like to see used .
images/img_01094.png	On the specific question of the use of Blue
images/img_01095.png	putting a heavy satellite into outer space .
images/img_01096.png	British rocket , Black Knight , for the second
images/img_01097.png	own called Veronique which they would
images/img_01098.png	for adaptation as the first stage in
images/img_01099.png	only rocket and launcher in Europe to
images/img_01100.png	easier . He can point out that this is the
images/img_01101.png	There has also been some talk of adopting another
images/img_01102.png	Streak , Mr. Thorneycroft's task will be
images/img_01103.png	various rocket stages had already been
images/img_01104.png	of capsule was involved . A lesser obstacle
images/img_01105.png	any Ministry or Minister directly responsible
images/img_01106.png	The Foreign Ministry spokesman added
images/img_01107.png	today , however , that the Brussels Treaty
images/img_01108.png	for it - and therefore of any budget
images/img_01109.png	concluded , and only cooperation on the type
images/img_01110.png	was irrelevant , because research on the
images/img_01111.png	under which funds could be appropriated .
images/img_01112.png	to German participation is the absence of
images/img_01113.png	the backbone of the German Air
images/img_01114.png	This is expected eventually to replace the
images/img_01115.png	Fiat G-91 , and the F 104 Starfighter ,
images/img_01116.png	Force .
images/img_01117.png	three hours , 20 minutes of discussion is believed
images/img_01118.png	PRESIDENT KENNEDY renewed his pressure
images/img_01119.png	House , Whitehall , yesterday . Much of their
images/img_01120.png	of American policy .
images/img_01121.png	Common Market during their talks at Admiralty
images/img_01122.png	on Mr. Harold Macmillan to join the
images/img_01123.png	to have been devoted to this main point
images/img_01124.png	It arose during talks following
images/img_01125.png	and other reservations .
images/img_01126.png	President Kennedy's report to the British
images/img_01127.png	clear that he would accept Britain into the
images/img_01128.png	visit to Paris . There General de Gaulle had made
images/img_01129.png	Common Market only if there were no conditions
images/img_01130.png	laid down to meet the Commonwealth
images/img_01131.png	Prime Minister of the outcome of his recent
images/img_01132.png	Bundy , the President's special assistant for
images/img_01133.png	Market , even if it meant an unconditional surrender .
images/img_01134.png	wanted him to apply for membership of the Common
images/img_01135.png	Mr. Kennedy told Mr. Macmillan that he still
images/img_01136.png	There were also brief discussions on Laos , Berlin
images/img_01137.png	Krushchov . With the exception of 40 minutes when
images/img_01138.png	informed Mr. Macmillan of his discussions with Mr.
images/img_01139.png	and other foreign questions , after Mr. Kennedy had
images/img_01140.png	security affairs , were brought in , the two
images/img_01141.png	men talked alone .
images/img_01142.png	Lord Home , Foreign Secretary , and Mr. McGeorge
images/img_01143.png	talks with Mr. Krushchov this evening .
images/img_01144.png	Admiralty House meeting will be made in the
images/img_01145.png	for a statement . President Kennedy flew from London
images/img_01146.png	Airport last night to arrive in Washington this
images/img_01147.png	An attempt to get more information about the
images/img_01148.png	have many questions to the Prime Minister asking
images/img_01149.png	broadcast and television report on his
images/img_01150.png	House of Commons this afternoon . Labour M.P.s already
images/img_01151.png	morning . He is to make a 30-minute nation-wide
images/img_01152.png	economic co-operation and expansion in the general interests
images/img_01153.png	common purposes . " Occasion was given to review the need for
images/img_01154.png	both economic and political , and revealed once again the
images/img_01155.png	close agreement of the two Governments in pursuing their
images/img_01156.png	Washington - said : " Their discussions covered the major problems ,
images/img_01157.png	The joint communique on Mr. Kennedy's and Mr. Macmillan's
images/img_01158.png	third talks - the first were at Key West , Florida , the second in
images/img_01159.png	of developed and underdeveloped countries alike . "
images/img_01160.png	which should lead to progress toward a Laos agreement at the
images/img_01161.png	It said that the President and Premier noted " with satisfaction " the
images/img_01162.png	Geneva conference . " Particular attention was also given to the
images/img_01163.png	agreement in Vienna on the need for an effective Laos ceasefire ,
images/img_01164.png	agreement on the necessity of maintaining the rights and
images/img_01165.png	obligations of the allied Governments in Berlin . "
images/img_01166.png	nuclear tests conference and to the question of disarmament . " The
images/img_01167.png	situation in regard to Germany was reviewed , and there was full
images/img_01168.png	given by Lady Dorothy Macmillan with Mrs. Kennedy and other
images/img_01169.png	" rather pessimistic " and talked of a Berlin crisis later this year .
images/img_01170.png	Apart from their formal Admiralty House talks , followed by lunch
images/img_01171.png	State , gave a 90-minute briefing on the Vienna talks to the
images/img_01172.png	15-nation Nato council . Some of his listeners said he was
images/img_01173.png	guests present , Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Macmillan met three more
images/img_01174.png	times yesterday . In PARIS , Mr. Dean Rusk , U.S. Secretary of
images/img_01175.png	said the Vienna talks " might be the beginning of a slight improvement , "
images/img_01176.png	in London in time to join the Buckingham Palace dinner and to
images/img_01177.png	but no big changes should be expected in the political situation .
images/img_01178.png	and informed him of the Vienna outcome . Last night Mr. Rusk arrived
images/img_01179.png	fly home with the President . In DUESSELDORF , Chancellor Adenauer
images/img_01180.png	From Nato headquarters Mr. Rusk went to see President de Gaulle
images/img_01181.png	Moscow after his two days of talks with President
images/img_01182.png	spirits , Mr. Krushchov yesterday returned to
images/img_01183.png	followed up by new efforts for peace , the
images/img_01184.png	Kennedy , writes Dennis Ogden from Moscow . The
images/img_01185.png	declared yesterday . Events in Vienna " gave hope
images/img_01186.png	Soviet Communist Party newspaper Pravda
images/img_01187.png	and to all who are striving for a stable peace , "
images/img_01188.png	good beginning made at Vienna must be
images/img_01189.png	RELAXED , smiling and clearly in the best of
images/img_01190.png	to people of goodwill who hate the cold war ,
images/img_01191.png	of Indonesian students broke through crash barriers
images/img_01192.png	to surround their President on the tarmac for
images/img_01193.png	arrived from Vienna . A cheering , delighted crowd
images/img_01194.png	Dr. Sukarno , President and Prime Minister of
images/img_01195.png	airport to join President Brezhnev in welcoming
images/img_01196.png	Indonesia , who arrived by Boeing 707 jet on a
images/img_01197.png	meeting , peace-loving people will say ' a
images/img_01198.png	state visit 40 minutes after Mr. Khrushchov had
images/img_01199.png	good beginning . ' " Mr. Krushchov remained at the
images/img_01200.png	" Thinking over the results of the Vienna
images/img_01201.png	establish an enduring peace between nations . "
images/img_01202.png	" The Soviet Union has always striven and is
images/img_01203.png	Mr. Khrushchov said he hoped his weekend
images/img_01204.png	the peoples , to secure an early solution of the
images/img_01205.png	Schaerf , the Soviet Premier thanked Austria for
images/img_01206.png	In VIENNA , before flying off to Moscow ,
images/img_01207.png	Replying to a farewell speech from Austrian President
images/img_01208.png	striving to safeguard an enduring peace for
images/img_01209.png	the hospitality and welcome he had received .
images/img_01210.png	talks with President Kennedy would # help " to
images/img_01211.png	implication he supported the establishment of
images/img_01212.png	defence of the Polaris missile base . And by
images/img_01213.png	weapons were necessary to defend Britain , that
images/img_01214.png	sites in Britain for the training of German
images/img_01215.png	must have nuclear weapons so long as the
images/img_01216.png	MR. GAITSKELL today delivered a full-blooded
images/img_01217.png	Britain must depend on Nato and " the West "
images/img_01218.png	troops . His main theme was that nuclear
images/img_01219.png	Soviet Union has them .
images/img_01220.png	widespread resentment over the U.S. Polaris base in
images/img_01221.png	their tactics by switching most of their emphasis on
images/img_01222.png	sure the Labour movement was coming round in
images/img_01223.png	of General and Municipal Workers , he said he felt
images/img_01224.png	to the missile .
images/img_01225.png	Addressing the annual congress of the National Union
images/img_01226.png	supporters of unilateral nuclear disarmament were changing
images/img_01227.png	support of his views . Obviously conscious of the fierce and
images/img_01228.png	Britain , Mr. Gaitskell said that he even noticed that
images/img_01229.png	he said , they were out of date and vulnerable and
images/img_01230.png	allied . But governments should be free to negotiate
images/img_01231.png	agree . The Labour Party opposed Thor missiles , because ,
images/img_01232.png	and refuse proposals with which they did not
images/img_01233.png	Mr Gaitskell said that a member of an alliance could
images/img_01234.png	would attract enemy action .
images/img_01235.png	not deny facilities to nations to which it was
images/img_01236.png	was far better for a weapon used for retaliatory
images/img_01237.png	This was why the Labour Party did not think it right
images/img_01238.png	the West , somewhere , must have them too . It
images/img_01239.png	to oppose the Polaris depot ship .
images/img_01240.png	That argument did not apply to the Polaris submarine .
images/img_01241.png	So long as the Soviet Union had nuclear weapons ,
images/img_01242.png	purposes to be under the sea rather than on land .
images/img_01243.png	in a more remote area . Mr. Gaitskell added that
images/img_01244.png	city with two million people . It should be sited
images/img_01245.png	of party members and still less the party's
images/img_01246.png	The party agreed that it was unwise to locate the base
images/img_01247.png	supporters in the country .
images/img_01248.png	in the Holy Loch , only 30 miles from Glasgow , a
images/img_01249.png	the Scarborough conference decisions did not , in his
images/img_01250.png	view , truly reflect the opinions of the majority
images/img_01251.png	that " those who organise these things " were
images/img_01252.png	Mr Gaitskell added that agreement with the
images/img_01253.png	he respected their views . He saw by reports
images/img_01254.png	to the official document on to opposition
images/img_01255.png	disarmament to shift the emphasis of
images/img_01256.png	to the Polaris base .
images/img_01257.png	recommending the supporters of unilateral nuclear
images/img_01258.png	their intervention away from straight opposition
images/img_01259.png	unilateralists was not possible , though
images/img_01260.png	Prime Minister should begin to take
images/img_01261.png	with the agreement of Kennedy , in
images/img_01262.png	To Mr. Macmillan , Mr Gaitskell said the
images/img_01263.png	in central Europe of a zone of controlled
images/img_01264.png	talks with the Soviet Union , for the establishment
images/img_01265.png	weapons within the Nato alliance . " Let us say
images/img_01266.png	to Macmillan that he should press , I hope
images/img_01267.png	seriously the danger of the spread of nuclear
images/img_01268.png	disarmament . "
images/img_01269.png	opportunity for the party . It was a
images/img_01270.png	an agreement on a zone of controlled
images/img_01271.png	disarmament in Europe . Mr Gaitskell
images/img_01272.png	Union would be prepared to reach
images/img_01273.png	He thought , he said , that the Soviet
images/img_01274.png	Inter-union jealousies prevent the
images/img_01275.png	was the beginning of a great period of
images/img_01276.png	and other major questions , Mr. Jack Cooper
images/img_01277.png	fulfilment of a common policy for wages
images/img_01278.png	great chance that should be grasped .
images/img_01279.png	concluded , declaring that the present
images/img_01280.png	matter . Consideration should also be given
images/img_01281.png	modification of their structures to
images/img_01282.png	to the regrouping of unions and the
images/img_01283.png	The General Council of the Trades Union
images/img_01284.png	meet the growing concentration of
images/img_01285.png	urgent - particularly in unions serving
images/img_01286.png	Congress should therefore consider the
images/img_01287.png	capital . Mr. Cooper argued that a
images/img_01288.png	common industrial contribution was
images/img_01289.png	workers in the same industry - along
images/img_01290.png	Macmillan yesterday morning he was given
images/img_01291.png	BEFORE President Kennedy met Mr.
images/img_01292.png	the views of a wide section of the
images/img_01293.png	bases in this country . An open letter
images/img_01294.png	Suggesting that a total T.U.C.
images/img_01295.png	membership of eight million was a " poor
images/img_01296.png	written by Earl Russell hoping that the
images/img_01297.png	show " compared with some countries , he
images/img_01298.png	British people about Polaris submarine
images/img_01299.png	argued that the position needed examination .
images/img_01300.png	Earl Russell , President of the Committee
images/img_01301.png	growing section which is opposed to
images/img_01302.png	already there have been protests but
images/img_01303.png	British territory . " He pointed out that
images/img_01304.png	that " very much larger protests are to
images/img_01305.png	be expected and are being planned . "
images/img_01306.png	the establishment of a Polaris base ,
images/img_01307.png	take notice of " that very large and
images/img_01308.png	of 100 , told Kennedy that he should
images/img_01309.png	whether at Holy Loch or elsewhere on
images/img_01310.png	regrettable , that the agitation against
images/img_01311.png	There are three kinds of reasons that justify
images/img_01312.png	to the policy of the United States .
images/img_01313.png	the Polaris base has generated some antagonism
images/img_01314.png	the U.S. Government , Earl Russell suggested . " The
images/img_01315.png	U.S. and Great Britain , not only in Government
images/img_01316.png	the protests and these should carry weight with
images/img_01317.png	says it is inevitable , though profoundly
images/img_01318.png	serving the hitherto cordial relations between the
images/img_01319.png	first of these reasons is the importance of pre-
images/img_01320.png	circles , but in public opinion . " Earl Russell
images/img_01321.png	of Polaris submarines . " He argues that
images/img_01322.png	exercise any degree of control over the action
images/img_01323.png	as to the safety of the people of Great Britain ;
images/img_01324.png	impossible for the British authorities to
images/img_01325.png	The second reason is concerned with doubts
images/img_01326.png	Britain alone .
images/img_01327.png	there is a distinct possibility that so long
images/img_01328.png	Soviet Union might retaliate against
images/img_01329.png	as there is a Polaris base in Britain the
images/img_01330.png	" in the time of crisis it would probably be
images/img_01331.png	add anything to the strength of America ,
images/img_01332.png	believes : " It is very questionable whether
images/img_01333.png	the course of , at the most , an hour " without
images/img_01334.png	while , on the contrary , they impose upon
images/img_01335.png	British membership of Nato and British
images/img_01336.png	America an onerous obligation which it
images/img_01337.png	destroy the whole population of Britain in
images/img_01338.png	provoking American retaliation . Earl Russell
images/img_01339.png	may prove impossible to fulfil . "
images/img_01340.png	" Such retaliation might , and probably would ,
images/img_01341.png	permission of American bases on our territory
images/img_01342.png	The third reason is that the supreme
images/img_01343.png	prevention of nuclear war . " A rapidly
images/img_01344.png	in preventing a nuclear war as a neutral
images/img_01345.png	West and uncommitted nations - is the
images/img_01346.png	growing body of opinion in this country
images/img_01347.png	interest for the whole world - East and
images/img_01348.png	by helping to suggest agreements which could
images/img_01349.png	be accepted by both East and West . "
images/img_01350.png	believes that Britain could be more effective
images/img_01351.png	would be " integrated " to a greater
images/img_01352.png	about 400,000 men . The three Services
images/img_01353.png	Services . Its aim will be to produce superbly
images/img_01354.png	be published in March , is likely to
images/img_01355.png	THE next White Paper on defence , to
images/img_01356.png	contain a five-year plan for the three
images/img_01357.png	equipped , all-Regular forces of
images/img_01358.png	extent than ever before .
images/img_01359.png	with the Prime Minister's approval .
images/img_01360.png	and operations . This would apply also in the
images/img_01361.png	not contemplated , the Navy , Army and Royal
images/img_01362.png	command structure and central administrative
images/img_01363.png	organisation . Mr. Watkinson , Minister of Defence ,
images/img_01364.png	Air Force would become , for practical purposes ,
images/img_01365.png	complete co-operation at all levels in training
images/img_01366.png	has been working on the plan for some months ,
images/img_01367.png	a single defence force . There would be
images/img_01368.png	Short of wearing the same uniform , which is
images/img_01369.png	are now being worked out by the Chiefs
images/img_01370.png	Ministers concerned with overseas aspects
images/img_01371.png	of Staff , a process that may take four
images/img_01372.png	Ministers . He has also had talks with the Earl
images/img_01373.png	of Home , Foreign Secretary , and with other
images/img_01374.png	of defence policy . Details of the scheme
images/img_01375.png	or five months .
images/img_01376.png	He has had numerous meetings with the Service
images/img_01377.png	approval . Mr. Watkinson remains con-
images/img_01378.png	The scheme will be subject to Cabinet
images/img_01379.png	of Defence , is still correct . This was to
images/img_01380.png	vinced that the policy initiated in
images/img_01381.png	return to the tradition of all-Regular
images/img_01382.png	1957 , in Mr. Sandys's time as Minister
images/img_01383.png	voluntary forces , with the last National
images/img_01384.png	of 1962 .
images/img_01385.png	Serviceman out of uniform by the end
images/img_01386.png	cannot be entirely discounted , he does
images/img_01387.png	not agree that the point has been reached
images/img_01388.png	He is confident the aim can be achieved .
images/img_01389.png	While the possibility of an eventual return
images/img_01390.png	engagement would probably have to be for
images/img_01391.png	National Service is ever resorted to ,
images/img_01392.png	The Minister regards the recent trend
images/img_01393.png	where this need even be considered . If
images/img_01394.png	to National Service in some form
images/img_01395.png	three years .
images/img_01396.png	of recruiting figures as encouraging .
images/img_01397.png	Service , or over any other aspect of
images/img_01398.png	no truth in suggestions that Mr. Watkinson
images/img_01399.png	serve at least a year overseas . There is
images/img_01400.png	is at odds with the Service chiefs over
images/img_01401.png	necessary for the extended training modern
images/img_01402.png	the decision to dispense with National
images/img_01403.png	It is thought this would be the minimum
images/img_01404.png	defence policy .
images/img_01405.png	arms require and to enable each man to
images/img_01406.png	Criticisms about Army manpower appear
images/img_01407.png	to have come mainly from retired officers
images/img_01408.png	Francis Festing , who believes completely
images/img_01409.png	Sir Francis , is equally convinced Mr.
images/img_01410.png	Gen. Sir Richard Hull , who is to succeed
images/img_01411.png	who have held high positions but
images/img_01412.png	Watkinson is right .
images/img_01413.png	Mr. Watkinson has had the utmost support
images/img_01414.png	from the C.I.G.S. , Field-Marshal Sir
images/img_01415.png	are out of touch with the existing situation .
images/img_01416.png	in the principle of an all-Regular army .
images/img_01417.png	his leave .
images/img_01418.png	Sir Francis is to hand over to Sir Richard
images/img_01419.png	concentrated on possible need for important
images/img_01420.png	moment # when attention had to be
images/img_01421.png	as from Nov. 1 . The hand-over , due in
images/img_01422.png	Berlin crisis . Mr. Watkinson and his advisers
images/img_01423.png	Francis stayed on , and # sacrificed
images/img_01424.png	military operations . For this reason Sir
images/img_01425.png	felt the change would be unwise at a
images/img_01426.png	September , was delayed because of the
images/img_01427.png	the House . Early results in yesterday's
images/img_01428.png	There was a computed 8.4 per cent. swing
images/img_01429.png	the Prime Minister . This implies the dis-
images/img_01430.png	fontein and the Transvaal , with slightly
images/img_01431.png	Lawrence , standing as a Progressive , was
images/img_01432.png	returned in their strongholds , like Bloem-
images/img_01433.png	appearance of the Progressive party from
images/img_01434.png	increased majorities . In the Cape , the
images/img_01435.png	veteran United Party politician , Mr. Harry
images/img_01436.png	general election showed Nationalists being
images/img_01437.png	towards the Nationalist party of Dr. Verwoerd ,
images/img_01438.png	Progressive party , Dr. Steytler , in Port
images/img_01439.png	Mr. Plewman , left the Progressives deprived
images/img_01440.png	afterwards by the United party candidate ,
images/img_01441.png	dates are unopposed .
images/img_01442.png	The contests were for 86 seats as 70
images/img_01443.png	The defeat of the leader of the
images/img_01444.png	the Leader of the Opposition , Sir de
images/img_01445.png	Elizabeth South , announced immediately
images/img_01446.png	Nationalists and 20 United party candi-
images/img_01447.png	of both their chief figures . Dr. Verwoerd and
images/img_01448.png	Villiers Graaff , have been returned unopposed .
images/img_01449.png	evident that voters were bored by the
images/img_01450.png	last night that he had considered early
images/img_01451.png	the most apathetic in the country's history .
images/img_01452.png	Government's frequent appeals to the electorate .
images/img_01453.png	The election was the fourth in four years .
images/img_01454.png	British Army of the Rhine on to a war footing .
images/img_01455.png	THE Prime Minister disclosed in the Commons
images/img_01456.png	Long before polling closed at 8 p.m. it was
images/img_01457.png	in the Parliamentary recess whether to
images/img_01458.png	mobilise reserves necessary to bring the
images/img_01459.png	In most constituencies it may go down as
images/img_01460.png	to do so and to recall Parliament . But
images/img_01461.png	economic and political kind . Mr. Macmillan ,
images/img_01462.png	principle the imposed division of Germany .
images/img_01463.png	if a further deterioration in the situation
images/img_01464.png	warranted such a step . It would have to be
images/img_01465.png	He decided that it would be a great error
images/img_01466.png	who was winding up the foreign affairs
images/img_01467.png	debate , said the Government could not
images/img_01468.png	accompanied by other measures of a military ,
images/img_01469.png	there would be no hesitation in mobilising
images/img_01470.png	be party to accepting as a matter of
images/img_01471.png	Minister of State , Foreign Office , said
images/img_01472.png	tests . The Council's findings would be
images/img_01473.png	but we must not - and I am not - be
images/img_01474.png	the Medical Research Council to reassess
images/img_01475.png	earlier that the Government had asked
images/img_01476.png	afraid of negotiation . " Mr. Godber ,
images/img_01477.png	the fall-out position in view of the Russian
images/img_01478.png	" We must not be rattled into surrender ,
images/img_01479.png	made public .
images/img_01480.png	that # appeasement over Berlin could
images/img_01481.png	the surest way to avert it .
images/img_01482.png	Eden , in his maiden speech in the House
images/img_01483.png	With a vigour and authority which delighted
images/img_01484.png	only lead to war . To stand firm , he
images/img_01485.png	the Earl of Avon , the former Sir Anthony
images/img_01486.png	old Parliamentary friends and foes alike ,
images/img_01487.png	declared , was not to invite war , but
images/img_01488.png	of Lords last night , gave a warning
images/img_01489.png	Asia .
images/img_01490.png	nuclear tests ; the canard about British
images/img_01491.png	speech in which Mr. Macmillan wound up
images/img_01492.png	accent of urgency . He passed in rapid
images/img_01493.png	tone , and his voice never rose to any
images/img_01494.png	He began in a low , almost chatty mono-
images/img_01495.png	It was the end of a rather curious
images/img_01496.png	the two-day debate on foreign affairs .
images/img_01497.png	review the United Nations Secretariat ;
images/img_01498.png	interference with the United Nations
images/img_01499.png	in the Congo ; Kuwait ; and South-East
images/img_01500.png	He spent most of his short half-hour on
images/img_01501.png	Britain could not be a party to an imposed
images/img_01502.png	division . But negotiation , as the debate had
images/img_01503.png	final and irrevocable division of Germany .
images/img_01504.png	some " new myth " about betrayal of Germany
images/img_01505.png	shown , could be undertaken on a variety
images/img_01506.png	by the Allies . " We do not , " he said , " really
images/img_01507.png	certain that they wanted to establish a
images/img_01508.png	know what the Russians want . " But he was
images/img_01509.png	of bases .
images/img_01510.png	Berlin . He deplored the possibility of
images/img_01511.png	necessary to bring the British Army of the Rhine
images/img_01512.png	would have created a thoroughly unde-
images/img_01513.png	by proclamation , such as would be
images/img_01514.png	sirable atmosphere of panic . He thought
images/img_01515.png	that the situation was rather more
images/img_01516.png	on to a fully active footing . That
images/img_01517.png	Mr. Macmillan explained that he had deliber-
images/img_01518.png	ately refrained during the summer from
images/img_01519.png	hopeful .
images/img_01520.png	recalling Parliament or ordering mobilisation
images/img_01521.png	remarkable degree of sub-normality .
images/img_01522.png	than about substance . The Prime Minister's
images/img_01523.png	at any time rose to fever pitch , to a
images/img_01524.png	temperature of the debate , which never
images/img_01525.png	of Home , Foreign Secretary , was listening
images/img_01526.png	in the Peers' Gallery .
images/img_01527.png	Throughout Mr. Macmillan's speech the Earl
images/img_01528.png	The Russians now realised its seriousness . The
images/img_01529.png	attitude of studied calm brought down the
images/img_01530.png	French doubts were more about procedure
images/img_01531.png	State , Foreign Office , as " pedantic and
images/img_01532.png	severely rated the speech of his predecessor .
images/img_01533.png	censured by Mr. Shinwell , former Labour
images/img_01534.png	Defence Minister , for having read the
images/img_01535.png	These strictures were all too well justified .
images/img_01536.png	of Mr. Healey , " Shadow " Foreign Secretary ,
images/img_01537.png	described by Mr. Godber , Minister of
images/img_01538.png	We started with the plaintive wailings
images/img_01539.png	obscure on Berlin , damaging and obscure
images/img_01540.png	The early speakers in the debate each
images/img_01541.png	on the Congo . " In turn , Mr. Godber was
images/img_01542.png	The trouble about such debates is that
images/img_01543.png	Healey had another tilt at the Prime Minister's
images/img_01544.png	in which all the boys were welcome to
images/img_01545.png	early stages of to-night's debate . Mr.
images/img_01546.png	golf-course Press conference , which he
images/img_01547.png	they range too widely . They remind one of
images/img_01548.png	business " removed their jackets . Not many
images/img_01549.png	the Rugby match in " Tom Brown's Schooldays , "
images/img_01550.png	metaphorical braces were visible in the
images/img_01551.png	described as " a display of flabby and
images/img_01552.png	take part , and only those who " really meant
images/img_01553.png	theme of limitation of armaments in Europe .
images/img_01554.png	prohibition of the production of atomic
images/img_01555.png	establish in these territories .
images/img_01556.png	from Mr. Ellis Smith ( Lab. , Stoke on Trent S. ) .
images/img_01557.png	A reference to the reunification of Germany
images/img_01558.png	This could , he suggested , be linked with
images/img_01559.png	brought a bark of " Start another war ! "
images/img_01560.png	weapons in any part of Europe . Inspection
images/img_01561.png	Then Mr. Healey launched out on his pet
images/img_01562.png	and control would be much easier to
images/img_01563.png	rebuked the unaligned nations for not
images/img_01564.png	bingo-parlour . "
images/img_01565.png	the temple of their religion is the
images/img_01566.png	the Government , said Mr. Healey , to
images/img_01567.png	using double standards . Ministers had
images/img_01568.png	Mr. Healey denounced the Government for
images/img_01569.png	events in Angola or Algeria . It was not for
images/img_01570.png	condemning the new Russian tests , but
images/img_01571.png	take up moral attitudes , " especially when
images/img_01572.png	they themselves had no condemnation for
images/img_01573.png	night by his leader , Mr. Gaitskell . Mr.
images/img_01574.png	religion as had failed to detect this cult .
images/img_01575.png	limited success . He rallied behind him
images/img_01576.png	Godber's performance merited all the mild
images/img_01577.png	scorn heaped on it by Mr. Shinwell .
images/img_01578.png	This puzzled such students of comparative
images/img_01579.png	But Mr. Healey had a partial and
images/img_01580.png	the Left-wing opinion so coolly snubbed last
images/img_01581.png	the council's findings would be published .
images/img_01582.png	Government had asked the Medical Research
images/img_01583.png	Sahara on the grounds that they were
images/img_01584.png	He was not so happy in his defence of
images/img_01585.png	France for her nuclear tests in the
images/img_01586.png	the Government's failure to condemn
images/img_01587.png	Council to reassess the fall-out position in
images/img_01588.png	True , he did tell the House that the
images/img_01589.png	only little ones .
images/img_01590.png	view of the Russian tests , and said that
images/img_01591.png	Thomas , M.P. for Leicester N.E. , a former
images/img_01592.png	brief . He resembles the elephant seal , an
images/img_01593.png	# otherwise endearing creature whose
images/img_01594.png	Labour Solicitor-General , and Mrs. Barbara
images/img_01595.png	through a cliche-ridden Foreign Office
images/img_01596.png	articulation is limited , we are told , to a
images/img_01597.png	This was too reminiscent of the nursemaid
images/img_01598.png	and her illegitimate baby . For the most
images/img_01599.png	part , Mr. Godber muttered his way
images/img_01600.png	series of heavy sighs . Sir Lynn Ungoed-
images/img_01601.png	of the Campaign for Nuclear
images/img_01602.png	A personal letter of protest against the
images/img_01603.png	atmosphere as a crime against humanity . "
images/img_01604.png	of them Left-wing # sympathisers .
images/img_01605.png	# Khruschev , was also taken to the
images/img_01606.png	Russian Embassy .
images/img_01607.png	tests from Canon Collins , chairman
images/img_01608.png	It condemned " the pollution of the world's
images/img_01609.png	Disarmament , addressed to Mr.
images/img_01610.png	It was signed by 60 Labour M.P.s , many
images/img_01611.png	on disarmament .
images/img_01612.png	Lobby of the House of Commons last
images/img_01613.png	night and formed a queue stretching
images/img_01614.png	bomb demonstrators thronged the Central
images/img_01615.png	A POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT writes : Ban-the-
images/img_01616.png	in Old Palace Yard . About 2,000
images/img_01617.png	lobbied M.P.s and harangued them
images/img_01618.png	for more than 200 yards outside
images/img_01619.png	to deal in his next regular Budget with
images/img_01620.png	to catch speculators in shares and property .
images/img_01621.png	MR SELWYN LLOYD may speed up his plans
images/img_01622.png	some profits which now escape tax .
images/img_01623.png	Lloyd said on # Tuesday that he proposed
images/img_01624.png	dramatically in the Commons yesterday . Mr
images/img_01625.png	public opinion over his " July Budget " came
images/img_01626.png	The first hint of the Chancellor bowing to
images/img_01627.png	Government does not like retrospective legislation .
images/img_01628.png	companies and put one property deal through
images/img_01629.png	people the Chancellor hopes to tax . These
images/img_01630.png	and property dealers who form a chain of
images/img_01631.png	to the Treasury , said yesterday that the
images/img_01632.png	are people buying and selling shares within
images/img_01633.png	Sir Edward Boyle , Financial Secretary
images/img_01634.png	a short period , those " stagging " on a new issue
images/img_01635.png	each .
images/img_01636.png	He went on to describe the kind of
images/img_01637.png	was speaking , the Prime Minister and Mr. Lloyd
images/img_01638.png	had a whispered conversation .
images/img_01639.png	it an Autumn Budget . You can call it a Taxation
images/img_01640.png	legislation . " Why don't you make proposals to legislate
images/img_01641.png	in the autumn ? " Mr. Wilson asked . " We wouldn't call
images/img_01642.png	Mr. Harold Wilson , Shadow Chancellor , jumped up to
images/img_01643.png	Management Bill , if you like . " While Mr. Wilson
images/img_01644.png	offer the Government an easy passage for such
images/img_01645.png	Mr. Wilson's offer in mind . Guy Eden writes :
images/img_01646.png	" commit suicide " at the TUC's
images/img_01647.png	FRANK FOULKES , Communist president
images/img_01648.png	Treasury experts are already working on
images/img_01649.png	quick in-and-out speculator deals .
images/img_01650.png	They nodded at each other and Sir Edward
images/img_01651.png	invitation .
images/img_01652.png	in industry will not be affected , but only
images/img_01653.png	the scheme . Profits of genuine investors
images/img_01654.png	of the ETU , refused yesterday to
images/img_01655.png	rose to say that the Chancellor would bear
images/img_01656.png	ETU. In reply to the call for his resignation he said : " Our rules
images/img_01657.png	I should commit hara-kiri .
images/img_01658.png	say that if an official resigns he is not allowed to run again
images/img_01659.png	for three years . " I have only 2 1/2 years to go before I retire ,
images/img_01660.png	He was announcing his executive's rejection of the ultimatum to the
images/img_01661.png	so this is an invitation from my good friends of the TUC that
images/img_01662.png	years ; Sub-committees set up to strip
images/img_01663.png	secretary John Byrne of his powers must
images/img_01664.png	disband in ten days . These the ETU
images/img_01665.png	The other TUC demands : Five leading
images/img_01666.png	Communists must not hold office for five
images/img_01667.png	committees .
images/img_01668.png	and " unwarranted " interference . " But it
images/img_01669.png	agreed to postpone operation of the sub-
images/img_01670.png	executive rejected as " wholly unacceptable "
images/img_01671.png	The small rocket craft , for destroying big
images/img_01672.png	20 years they will have free food , housing , light ,
images/img_01673.png	to the preparations for launching their
images/img_01674.png	Leningrad were thousands now told that in
images/img_01675.png	heat , transport and medical treatment - all
images/img_01676.png	rockets . Applauding on the river banks at
images/img_01677.png	for a working week of 34 to 36 hours .
images/img_01678.png	ships , are controlled automatically , even
images/img_01679.png	Union can be seen here - a truly inspiring
images/img_01680.png	and proud sight , " said Moscow radio's
images/img_01681.png	Commons of his momentous
images/img_01682.png	the Communist " Nato . " He said rocket-
images/img_01683.png	the basis of the Soviet Navy . MR.
images/img_01684.png	MACMILLAN'S announcement in the
images/img_01685.png	forces of the Warsaw Pact countries -
images/img_01686.png	" The whole naval might of the Soviet
images/img_01687.png	commentator . The parade was reviewed by
images/img_01688.png	Marshal Andrei Grechko , commanding the
images/img_01689.png	carrying atomic submarines now formed
images/img_01690.png	and added : " It is the most disastrous thing any Prime
images/img_01691.png	Minister has done for many , many generations . " He
images/img_01692.png	concluded : " The best service the Prime Minister can do
images/img_01693.png	all parties . Even close friends were signalling Mr. Fell
images/img_01694.png	would be to resign . " The outburst shocked MPs of
images/img_01695.png	Mr. Anthony Fell ( Yarmouth ) called the decision " shocking "
images/img_01696.png	to stop .
images/img_01697.png	down . A few minutes later , Mr. Fell got up
images/img_01698.png	all parts of the Conservative side . Mr.
images/img_01699.png	waved his hand at Mr. Fell .
images/img_01700.png	minutes later to stand just inside the
images/img_01701.png	middle of the amazing scene , Mr. Macmillan
images/img_01702.png	Fell appeared to be in tears as he sat
images/img_01703.png	There were loud cries of " shame " from
images/img_01704.png	and left the chamber . He returned five
images/img_01705.png	doorway looking more composed . In the
images/img_01706.png	to sit down by the Prime Minister . " Protests had been expected
images/img_01707.png	the effect on one former supporter that he now thinks this Prime
images/img_01708.png	accused the Prime Minister of " political double talk . " " It had
images/img_01709.png	Minister is a national disaster , " he said .
images/img_01710.png	This seemed to infuriate Mr. Fell even more . " I cannot be told
images/img_01711.png	from Tory rebels . But Mr. Fell's attack was unprecedented . He
images/img_01712.png	opposition , which will be aired in the
images/img_01713.png	debate tomorrow and on Thursday .
images/img_01714.png	anything , rallied support to the Prime Minister .
images/img_01715.png	This apparently , was Mr. Macmillan's assessment .
images/img_01716.png	Most MPs agreed that Mr. Fell's attack had , if
images/img_01717.png	that Mr. Fell had probably " maximised his
images/img_01718.png	of such ferocity . But there was ample
images/img_01719.png	support . " There were no other attacks
images/img_01720.png	He confined his reply to the observation
images/img_01721.png	evidence of Conservative and Labour
images/img_01722.png	Government's intention :
images/img_01723.png	of our European Free Trade Association partners
images/img_01724.png	Community without prior negotiation with a view
images/img_01725.png	Government could join the European Economic
images/img_01726.png	and of British agriculture . " Near the end of a
images/img_01727.png	House was crowded . He said : " No # British
images/img_01728.png	to meeting the needs of the Commonwealth countries ,
images/img_01729.png	long statement , Mr. Macmillan stated the
images/img_01730.png	As Mr. Macmillan made his announcement , the
images/img_01731.png	" Shame . " Mr. Williams is a close
images/img_01732.png	conclusion that it would be right for
images/img_01733.png	Britain to make a formal application . .
images/img_01734.png	" After long and earnest consideration , Her
images/img_01735.png	the Community . " At this point , Mr. Paul
images/img_01736.png	Williams ( Cons. , Sunderland ) called out
images/img_01737.png	associate of Mr. Fell .
images/img_01738.png	for negotiations with a view to joining
images/img_01739.png	Majesty's Government have come to the
images/img_01740.png	behind the Serjeant at Arms' chair .
images/img_01741.png	raised by Tory critics . Mr. Anthony Fell ,
images/img_01742.png	He claimed that , unless we were in the
images/img_01743.png	Monday , took up a position almost hidden
images/img_01744.png	play any part in # determining its future .
images/img_01745.png	who created a scene on this point on
images/img_01746.png	Common Market , we should not be able to
images/img_01747.png	Mr. Macmillan dealt with the main objection
images/img_01748.png	" We can lead better from within , " he said .
images/img_01749.png	he said .
images/img_01750.png	Common Market . " The Community
images/img_01751.png	( Common Market ) has imparted an
images/img_01752.png	to The Six . Above all , it is an idea
images/img_01753.png	tribute to the development of the
images/img_01754.png	Market than by isolation . He paid
images/img_01755.png	impetus and an economic growth
images/img_01756.png	to the Commonwealth through the
images/img_01757.png	which has gripped men's minds , "
images/img_01758.png	strength we would gain in the Common
images/img_01759.png	Mr. Macmillan said we could be more help
images/img_01760.png	probably gain . " Many people feel we have had , perhaps , too
images/img_01761.png	Mr. Reginald Maudling . " These were negotiations in which the
images/img_01762.png	President of the Board of Trade played a conspicuous part , " the
images/img_01763.png	swamped by cheap labour . Our industry , he said , would
images/img_01764.png	Referring to previous negotiations , Mr. Macmillan looked towards
images/img_01765.png	Premier said . He dismissed the idea that Britain would be
images/img_01766.png	much shelter , " he went on .
images/img_01767.png	Minister that I do not think
images/img_01768.png	federalism in Europe , " he went
images/img_01769.png	retorted . " I agree with the Prime
images/img_01770.png	we are necessarily bound for
images/img_01771.png	Mr. Gaitskell said he had been
images/img_01772.png	of considerable authority , " he
images/img_01773.png	on .
images/img_01774.png	Conservatives protested when
images/img_01775.png	told this " by some # people
images/img_01776.png	food subsidies would probably be
images/img_01777.png	season moves into top gear .
images/img_01778.png	BUDGETTE or no Budgette YOU are
images/img_01779.png	replaced by a system of tariffs " That
images/img_01780.png	all-time peak .
images/img_01781.png	will mean a rise in the cost of living . "
images/img_01782.png	the spending spree is at a new
images/img_01783.png	If we joined the Common Market , our
images/img_01784.png	spending more as the summer holiday
images/img_01785.png	On the eve of August Bank Holiday
images/img_01786.png	Now look at the other side of all
images/img_01787.png	sixth successive week - this
images/img_01788.png	Note circulation soared for the
images/img_01789.png	these coins .
images/img_01790.png	100,000,000 more than the corresponding
images/img_01791.png	time by more than 15,000,000 # last
images/img_01792.png	week . And that brought the figure
images/img_01793.png	week last year and 37,000,000 up on
images/img_01794.png	the 1960 record set last Christmas .
images/img_01795.png	to a record 2,415,000,000 . This was
images/img_01796.png	form of special deposits with the Bank of England .
images/img_01797.png	stricter in recalling existing overdrafts . This is underlined in
images/img_01798.png	difficult to arrange a loan or overdraft . And banks will be
images/img_01799.png	the Central Bank's weekly return ... ... which shows that more
images/img_01800.png	The big " squeeze " means that it is going to be more
images/img_01801.png	than 163,000,000 of the banks' money is now frozen in the
images/img_01802.png	instalment of almost 8,000,000
images/img_01803.png	this year . "
images/img_01804.png	MR. KRUSCHEV raises the bogy of
images/img_01805.png	in response to the Budgette appeal .
images/img_01806.png	by September 20 . For nearly a year
images/img_01807.png	About another 70,000,000 is due
images/img_01808.png	about 150,000,000 has been frozen .
images/img_01809.png	Banks have paid in a first
images/img_01810.png	German militarism in his replies to
images/img_01811.png	the West on Berlin . And he repeats
images/img_01812.png	that the problem " must be solved
images/img_01813.png	forces and arms to touch off a world war .
images/img_01814.png	treaty with Germany causes no real danger . West Germany ,
images/img_01815.png	West Germany were published in Moscow yesterday . They
images/img_01816.png	hotbed of war danger in Europe . Even now , aided by
images/img_01817.png	with its militarists and revenge-seekers , is becoming a
images/img_01818.png	the U.S. , Britain and France , it has more than enough
images/img_01819.png	The Notes to the Big Three and a memorandum to
images/img_01820.png	tell : The U.S. - It is false to say the absence of a peace
images/img_01821.png	put at the disposal of those very militarists who razed
images/img_01822.png	cities . FRANCE - One can hardly conceive the French are
images/img_01823.png	generals and officers .
images/img_01824.png	not alarmed ... . Next door , in West Germany , before everyone's
images/img_01825.png	eyes there has sprung up a regular army led by former Nazi
images/img_01826.png	BRITAIN - One cannot but wonder at British bases being
images/img_01827.png	Coventry and barbarously bombed London and other British
images/img_01828.png	contingency would be to sign a peace treaty to remove the cancerous
images/img_01829.png	determination and tramples on Tunisians' right to independence .
images/img_01830.png	realization that West Germany would not survive even a few hours
images/img_01831.png	With fire and sword France denies Algeria the right to self-
images/img_01832.png	growth of West Berlin's occupation status .
images/img_01833.png	of a third world war . The best way to rule out such a tragic
images/img_01834.png	WEST GERMANY - Russia would like to see a clear #
images/img_01835.png	DURING MONDAY NIGHT . And officials
images/img_01836.png	West Germany . REFUGEES are pouring out
images/img_01837.png	3,000 a day .
images/img_01838.png	expect the total to leap to
images/img_01839.png	Berlin faster than ever . Mr. K's latest
images/img_01840.png	# of East Germany into West
images/img_01841.png	determination is the intention to impose
images/img_01842.png	Behind Bonn's slogan of German self-
images/img_01843.png	on East Germany the regime existing in
images/img_01844.png	speech scared 1,157 East Germans to
images/img_01845.png	cross into West Berlin's reception centre
images/img_01846.png	East German disturbances on July 17 , 1953 . And officials
images/img_01847.png	fear it may be too much for the city's refugee camps .
images/img_01848.png	This figure has been surpassed only on the eve of the
images/img_01849.png	They will overflow and private houses will have to be used .
images/img_01850.png	Commonwealth ? The issue is touch and go .
images/img_01851.png	Prime Minister after Prime Minister speaks out
images/img_01852.png	Conference in London . Will it end with
images/img_01853.png	South Africa's exclusion from the
images/img_01854.png	in revulsion against the South African
images/img_01855.png	for the curtain to rise on the Commonwealth
images/img_01856.png	Government's policy of apartheid as we wait
images/img_01857.png	not clear-cut .
images/img_01858.png	Republic later in the year . But if a final
images/img_01859.png	do the strongest arguments lie ? THE Archbishop
images/img_01860.png	of Capetown has shown that the matter is
images/img_01861.png	wait until South Africa actually becomes a
images/img_01862.png	decision is to be faced now , on which side
images/img_01863.png	settled at this conference . It may be agreed to
images/img_01864.png	There is a possibility that it will not be
images/img_01865.png	working for a change of policy . In his view
images/img_01866.png	Africans .
images/img_01867.png	it would also be against the interests of the
images/img_01868.png	with attention . On purely practical grounds he
images/img_01869.png	holds that it would be a mistake to expel
images/img_01870.png	fighter against apartheid . He must be heard
images/img_01871.png	South Africa , weakening the whites who are
images/img_01872.png	The Archbishop has long been a courageous
images/img_01873.png	the apartheid policy .
images/img_01874.png	Africa while she remains in the Commonwealth
images/img_01875.png	Verwoerd and the Nationalists . They point out
images/img_01876.png	On the other hand , those who favour expulsion , inclu-
images/img_01877.png	than could be exercised were she cut off from it .
images/img_01878.png	that Dr. Verwoerd refuses to consider abandoning
images/img_01879.png	ding African leaders , feel that nothing less than the
images/img_01880.png	shock of expulsion will weaken the grip of Dr.
images/img_01881.png	He holds that more pressure can be put on South
images/img_01882.png	a Commonwealth which had room for a racist
images/img_01883.png	Whatever statesmen say at the conference table in
images/img_01884.png	who is white .
images/img_01885.png	policy of racial discrimination in any of its countries
images/img_01886.png	which five citizens are coloured for every one
images/img_01887.png	THE Commonwealth is a multi-racial society . A
images/img_01888.png	South Africa . And this is a Commonwealth in
images/img_01889.png	London , millions at home would regard as fraudulent
images/img_01890.png	is surely the one thing that it could not survive .
images/img_01891.png	apartheid is a menace to the Commonwealth and a
images/img_01892.png	liability to the whole Western world . A practical
images/img_01893.png	a set of principles excluding race discrimination .
images/img_01894.png	solution would be for the Commonwealth to draft
images/img_01895.png	Seen in this wider picture , a South Africa that clings to
images/img_01896.png	or go out .
images/img_01897.png	And so leave South Africa to make the grade ,
images/img_01898.png	have taken the headlines in this country .
images/img_01899.png	Nevertheless , the tour has been an immense
images/img_01900.png	would be pleasanter if such cruel and feudal
images/img_01901.png	tonight from their tour in the East . The duke's
images/img_01902.png	THE Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh come home
images/img_01903.png	dropped from future Royal programmes .
images/img_01904.png	performances as tiger and rhino hunts were
images/img_01905.png	trigger-finger and the ritual slaughter of beasts
images/img_01906.png	success . The Queen has won a triumph . It
images/img_01907.png	yesterday by the Dutch - has made the gesture
images/img_01908.png	Pakistan are happy memories . WEST GERMANY - followed
images/img_01909.png	of a good neighbour . She has put up the value
images/img_01910.png	of her money .
images/img_01911.png	their visit . The warmth of their welcome in India and
images/img_01912.png	But the Queen and the Duke have pleased millions by
images/img_01913.png	their balances , will gain some immediate help .
images/img_01914.png	Germany exports will be made a little dearer .
images/img_01915.png	What it means in practical terms is that our
images/img_01916.png	for Germans to buy , while the goods which
images/img_01917.png	in the direction of live-and-let-live . Hopes
images/img_01918.png	Certainly , the rise is very small . But it is a step
images/img_01919.png	co-operation , which is the only way to solve the
images/img_01920.png	exports to Germany will now be a little cheaper
images/img_01921.png	Britain and the U.S. , which have problems with
images/img_01922.png	payments difficulties that upset the Western world .
images/img_01923.png	will now grow brighter of further international
images/img_01924.png	dollars have been drained into Germany .
images/img_01925.png	as a means to curb rising prices at home . She is
images/img_01926.png	also aware how # unpopular she has been growing
images/img_01927.png	should . Germany exports much more than she imports .
images/img_01928.png	by failing until now to co-operate as a creditor nation
images/img_01929.png	Booming Germany is deliberately encouraging more imports
images/img_01930.png	For upwards of five years the world's reserves of
images/img_01931.png	Germany's massive trading surplus and choke
images/img_01932.png	the strength of Germany's trading position has attracted
images/img_01933.png	off speculation against dollar and pound ?
images/img_01934.png	Germany has no tradition of trading abroad . In addition
images/img_01935.png	hoping for the mark to rise , as has now happened .
images/img_01936.png	There they have stayed uselessly locked up because
images/img_01937.png	speculators to hold marks rather than pounds or dollars ,
images/img_01938.png	WILL the new valuation be enough to correct
images/img_01939.png	share in giving aid to underdeveloped nations , the
images/img_01940.png	to optimism is the sign that Germany and the
images/img_01941.png	world outlook will be brighter . What gives rise
images/img_01942.png	good-neighbour gesture , Germany takes a really big
images/img_01943.png	other leading Western nations are at long last
images/img_01944.png	moving towards a solution of currency problems
images/img_01945.png	by co-operation .
images/img_01946.png	That is doubtful . If however , in addition to her new
images/img_01947.png	idea that moral regeneration would solve
images/img_01948.png	and our local and national Parliaments .
images/img_01949.png	for by that curious body Moral Re-Armament .
images/img_01950.png	of politics , perhaps , or carried away by the
images/img_01951.png	all our problems . So it would . While we are
images/img_01952.png	Those who lend their names to this kind of
images/img_01953.png	waiting for the millenium , however , most of us
images/img_01954.png	would prefer to put our hopes for earthly justice in
images/img_01955.png	instruments of democracy , such as trade unions
images/img_01956.png	advertisement are worthy people , a little innocent
images/img_01957.png	A CURIOUS advertisement on page nine , paid
images/img_01958.png	advertisement falls into neither category , though
images/img_01959.png	deeply repugnant to our readers , it is right to
images/img_01960.png	exercise editorial discretion . The MRA
images/img_01961.png	contains statements whose factual truth is
images/img_01962.png	which we disagree . When an advertisement
images/img_01963.png	Should the Herald publish such advertisements ?
images/img_01964.png	doubtful , or where the total content would be
images/img_01965.png	many readers will dislike it .
images/img_01966.png	be wrong to refuse all political advertisements with
images/img_01967.png	This is a difficult question . It would obviously
images/img_01968.png	Government was to denounce the United
images/img_01969.png	more logical to send in more men ,
images/img_01970.png	would be taken home . The reaction can be
images/img_01971.png	to say that its 400 troops in the Congo
images/img_01972.png	a # dignified exit . IF the UN is
images/img_01973.png	not weaken it further by desertion .
images/img_01974.png	The first reaction of the Sudanese
images/img_01975.png	blamed for being weak , it would be
images/img_01976.png	Nations for " negligence and impotence , " and
images/img_01977.png	understood . The Sudan's concern for its
images/img_01978.png	men is natural . But this could hardly be
images/img_01979.png	Mr. Hammarskjold to use force if necessary to
images/img_01980.png	responsibility rightly belongs to the nations
images/img_01981.png	which have undertaken the task of pre-
images/img_01982.png	serving peace in the Congo . That is not a
images/img_01983.png	ceremonial duty , and the soldiers have every
images/img_01984.png	It is unjust to pass the buck to Mr.
images/img_01985.png	prevent civil war , it was clear that new dangers
images/img_01986.png	Hammarskjold and the UN's servants . The
images/img_01987.png	would arise unless it gave him the political ...
images/img_01988.png	right to blame the politicians unless they see
images/img_01989.png	it through . When the United Nations instructed
images/img_01990.png	made . India has responded handsomely by providing
images/img_01991.png	If the UN forces were thick enough on the ground ,
images/img_01992.png	which have set their hands to this plough .
images/img_01993.png	3,000 men , who must take about a fortnight to arrive .
images/img_01994.png	That was the first point that Mr. Hammarskjold
images/img_01995.png	happen . THE UN's ability to keep peace depends
images/img_01996.png	simply on adequate support by the nations
images/img_01997.png	such incidents as that at Matadi would not
images/img_01998.png	The big Powers involved in the Cold War
images/img_01999.png	It is to be hoped that the UN will be
images/img_02000.png	re-established in their port by negotiation
images/img_02001.png	must of course keep out . The Americans were
images/img_02002.png	non-combatant help was wanted ; but they
images/img_02003.png	in fighting . Yesterday the ships turned away
images/img_02004.png	justified in diverting naval ships in case
images/img_02005.png	again , satisfied that they were not required .
images/img_02006.png	and that there will be no more outrages .
images/img_02007.png	stressed that there was no intention to intervene
images/img_02008.png	of UN conciliators they are meeting for
images/img_02009.png	relief when this strife-torn land gets
images/img_02010.png	Madagascar ) . THE world will sigh with
images/img_02011.png	they must go . The best news for the Congo
images/img_02012.png	the first time , in Malagasy ( formerly
images/img_02013.png	itself a government which all outsiders
images/img_02014.png	can recognise .
images/img_02015.png	But back , Mr. Hammarskjold is determined ,
images/img_02016.png	would be agreement between its rival
images/img_02017.png	political leaders . Through the patient efforts
images/img_02018.png	who , under apartheid , will be forced back to
images/img_02019.png	really believes . A good neighbour to those Africans
images/img_02020.png	policy of good neighbourliness . " We may be sure that
images/img_02021.png	as a divine mission could have spoken of apartheid as " a
images/img_02022.png	their tribal reserves with no prospect but a
images/img_02023.png	he is not being hypocritical . That is what he
images/img_02024.png	ONLY a man wrapped in the impenetrable cocoon of what he regards
images/img_02025.png	cramped and primitive existence .
images/img_02026.png	white stock .
images/img_02027.png	Hitler in the thirties . It was Dr. Verwoerd who
images/img_02028.png	A good neighbour to those Africans who will con-
images/img_02029.png	that he proved to be to the Jews fleeing from
images/img_02030.png	water in the white areas of South Africa , without rights
images/img_02031.png	led a protest against admitting any of them
images/img_02032.png	and without hope . THE same sort of good neighbour
images/img_02033.png	because they would " defile " the national
images/img_02034.png	tinue to live as hewers of wood and drawers of
images/img_02035.png	woerd in his nightmare world . It is this that
images/img_02036.png	Commonwealth . Otherwise , he says , those inside the
images/img_02037.png	It is impossible to make contact with Dr. Ver-
images/img_02038.png	makes illusory any hopes that he may be in-
images/img_02039.png	Capetown , Dr. Joost de Blank , has pleaded that
images/img_02040.png	country who still oppose apartheid will be
images/img_02041.png	South Africa should be allowed to stay in the
images/img_02042.png	left even more isolated and alone .
images/img_02043.png	fluenced to change course . The Archbishop of
images/img_02044.png	maintained an unflinching witness to what
images/img_02045.png	Christianity really means , must carry weight . But
images/img_02046.png	what , in fact , can the other Commonwealth countries
images/img_02047.png	policy of appeasement has modified the
images/img_02048.png	actions of the Nationalists . On the contrary ,
images/img_02049.png	The views of the Archbishop , who has
images/img_02050.png	do to bring support and comfort to this gallant
images/img_02051.png	minority ? THERE is no evidence that the
images/img_02052.png	apartheid is being applied ever more
images/img_02053.png	ruthlessly .
images/img_02054.png	step . If that is their decision they should also
images/img_02055.png	way left to try to bring home to the people of
images/img_02056.png	to disaster . It may be that the Commonwealth
images/img_02057.png	apartheid as evil and indefensible .
images/img_02058.png	Commonwealth now seems to be the only
images/img_02059.png	Prime Ministers will decide against this final
images/img_02060.png	South Africa that Dr. Verwoerd is leading them
images/img_02061.png	go unequivocally on record that they regard
images/img_02062.png	The shock of expulsion from the
images/img_02063.png	without a story or a picture or probably both ,
images/img_02064.png	be able to return home claiming a triumph .
images/img_02065.png	marry Miss Worsley , hardly a day will pass
images/img_02066.png	for it again : another Royal Wedding . Between
images/img_02067.png	His smile will be blander than ever . WE are in
images/img_02068.png	now and June , when the Duke of Kent will
images/img_02069.png	about the nuptial arrangements .
images/img_02070.png	Unless they do at least that , Dr. Verwoerd will
images/img_02071.png	disposed to face . The real question is
images/img_02072.png	ought to run - and greater than President
images/img_02073.png	advocate putting off any approach until
images/img_02074.png	what we should put to the Soviet
images/img_02075.png	Kennedy's most influential advisers seem
images/img_02076.png	Government as a basis for talks : and
images/img_02077.png	of heart ( whatever that may mean ) would
images/img_02078.png	have us run risks greater than the West
images/img_02079.png	What seems certain is that those who
images/img_02080.png	Mr Krushchev gives evidence of a change
images/img_02081.png	On this reading what Mr. Gollancz calls
images/img_02082.png	a means not to destruction but to safety .
images/img_02083.png	the Northern Rhodesia Constitution is
images/img_02084.png	on Northern Rhodesia does not say much ,
images/img_02085.png	it by saying that the revision would be
images/img_02086.png	much the Government tries to disguise
images/img_02087.png	open to revision . This is news , however
images/img_02088.png	but it says what is necessary - that
images/img_02089.png	cool-headed and inventive negotiation , is
images/img_02090.png	manoeuvring , and what we should call
images/img_02091.png	The Government's pompous little statement
images/img_02092.png	this likely ; Formula Two , which appeared in June , made it
images/img_02093.png	principle , that is all that need be required of it . It is a pity
images/img_02094.png	Formula One , which appeared in February , appeared to make
images/img_02095.png	from this principle . It is a great pity that the
images/img_02096.png	to Mr Kaunda's reasonable representations , but to
images/img_02097.png	that the Government should ever have been led away
images/img_02098.png	Government should give the appearance of responding , not
images/img_02099.png	the violence which he tried to prevent .
images/img_02100.png	very unlikely ; if Formula Three restores the original
images/img_02101.png	and decisive ones ; but without it , we could not
images/img_02102.png	look for them . Federal Germany votes tomorrow
images/img_02103.png	important advance . We must not be overconfident
images/img_02104.png	and not a day too soon . There can seldom have
images/img_02105.png	To be able to say " New York next week " is an
images/img_02106.png	and done with .
images/img_02107.png	that this # meeting will lead on to further
images/img_02108.png	been an election campaign which more people
images/img_02109.png	in and out of the country wanted to see over
images/img_02110.png	if Western Governments had not been convinced
images/img_02111.png	the Berlin crisis . It need not have been such a burden
images/img_02112.png	millstone weighing down and almost paralysing their
images/img_02113.png	efforts to work out sensible ways of dealing with
images/img_02114.png	that they must do nothing to harm even remotely Dr
images/img_02115.png	To Germany's Western allies the campaign has been a
images/img_02116.png	Adenauer's chances of being returned as Chancellor .
images/img_02117.png	when the polling stations close .
images/img_02118.png	many people : they too will be glad
images/img_02119.png	But they were so convinced and they
images/img_02120.png	while in Germany itself the course of
images/img_02121.png	have had to take the consequences . Mean-
images/img_02122.png	the campaign has dismayed a good
images/img_02123.png	is not yet a unitary world .
images/img_02124.png	truism that policies of menace and mutual disarmament
images/img_02125.png	and it is an achievement - is to make religious con-
images/img_02126.png	tact across the greatest political barrier in what
images/img_02127.png	cannot be followed together . What the council has done -
images/img_02128.png	But discussion on current points of east-west con-
images/img_02129.png	flict could not go much farther than , for example , the
images/img_02130.png	short and modest in scope , and it is doubtful whether the other Private
images/img_02131.png	The notification he envisages must be given at least two days before the
images/img_02132.png	agreement is signed . To this there will be some opposition . The Bill is
images/img_02133.png	next report from the Molony committee .
images/img_02134.png	Members' Bills in the offing will fill all the gaps . This fact may give
images/img_02135.png	the Government an extra excuse for counselling patience until the
images/img_02136.png	parliamentary opinion by at least allowing these Bills a fair run .
images/img_02137.png	however , disdain this opportunity of obtaining a useful sample of
images/img_02138.png	Comprehensive legislation is obviously preferable . They should not ,
images/img_02139.png	logical Office .
images/img_02140.png	Centigrade v. Fahrenheit . The fight is on . The challenger has behind
images/img_02141.png	but also the backing of the DIRECTOR GENERAL of the Meteoro-
images/img_02142.png	it not only the authority of the SECRETARY of STATE for AIR
images/img_02143.png	fahrenheit the knock out . The backers of
images/img_02144.png	ratures will be put in the ring together .
images/img_02145.png	explain the advantages to the general
images/img_02146.png	about it yesterday . The purpose is to give
images/img_02147.png	SIR GRAHAM SUTTON , however , made no bones
images/img_02148.png	public of the change .
images/img_02149.png	asked to help . To begin with , both tempe-
images/img_02150.png	The press and the broadcasting authorities are
images/img_02151.png	start if they had taken more pains to
images/img_02152.png	centigrade would have got off to a better
images/img_02153.png	however , seems a matter of the convenience
images/img_02154.png	the measurement of temperatures . This ,
images/img_02155.png	to be put out for the sake of 50,000 is there
images/img_02156.png	any reason why the centigrade countries
images/img_02157.png	of specialists . The ordinary British man
images/img_02158.png	It is true that SIR GRAHAM said there is
images/img_02159.png	at the moment " an awful mess up " in
images/img_02160.png	and woman is conscious of no difficulty .
images/img_02161.png	Rather than fifty million people having
images/img_02162.png	should not change to fahrenheit ?
images/img_02163.png	system of recording temperatures .
images/img_02164.png	public to go over to decimal coinage - in certain
images/img_02165.png	suit their convenience - rather than to change their
images/img_02166.png	Even then it might be easier to persuade the British
images/img_02167.png	have to call up the reinforcement of the Common Market .
images/img_02168.png	circumstances the time would come when this would
images/img_02169.png	strably better than the other ? The centigraders may
images/img_02170.png	be in for a stiffer fight than they think . They may
images/img_02171.png	Can it be shown that the one scale is demon-
images/img_02172.png	became very unpopular .
images/img_02173.png	roped in . The only result was
images/img_02174.png	that the well-meaning corporation
images/img_02175.png	Once before , and that not so long ago , the
images/img_02176.png	clock . Then , also , the B.B.C. were
images/img_02177.png	In any case , fahrenheit need not lose heart .
images/img_02178.png	the adoption of the twenty-four hour
images/img_02179.png	authorities ganged up to alter the habits
images/img_02180.png	of the people . That effort was to enforce
images/img_02181.png	the murder of Patrice Lumumba . Her
images/img_02182.png	stands at the centre of an international
images/img_02183.png	storm . Belgium is accused - without a
images/img_02184.png	scrap of evidence - of being implicated in
images/img_02185.png	A BAFFLED and bewildered little country
images/img_02186.png	leaders are insulted , her embassies are
images/img_02187.png	attacked in a score of countries .
images/img_02188.png	will not admit they were wrong . So
images/img_02189.png	trouble in the Congo , orders every Belgian
images/img_02190.png	is made their scapegoat .
images/img_02191.png	citizen to quit his country . HOUNDING
images/img_02192.png	has done more than most to stir up
images/img_02193.png	In Ghana , President Nkrumah , who
images/img_02194.png	said the Congolese could govern themselves
images/img_02195.png	Belgium has become an international
images/img_02196.png	troubles , mourning a terrible air crash ,
images/img_02197.png	Belgium , bowed down by internal
images/img_02198.png	pastime . Why ? Because those who
images/img_02199.png	larders been so well stocked .
images/img_02200.png	Who will speak for Belgium ? Who else but
images/img_02201.png	Britain . We have fought beside Belgium
images/img_02202.png	families ! Never before have Britain's
images/img_02203.png	Britain should champion Belgium . Not
images/img_02204.png	with the careful , hooded language of diplomacy ,
images/img_02205.png	in two world wars . We are allies still .
images/img_02206.png	but boldly and fearlessly . It is time to
images/img_02207.png	desert her friends . HAPPY , happy
images/img_02208.png	show the world that this country does not
images/img_02209.png	splendid variety of goods to choose from .
images/img_02210.png	substantially higher last year than in 1959 .
images/img_02211.png	abundance . Now it is mother who
images/img_02212.png	Supplies of meat and dairy produce were
images/img_02213.png	Not so long ago older folk were reminding
images/img_02214.png	picks up recipes from # her daughter .
images/img_02215.png	shortages , of the good old days of
images/img_02216.png	Lucky , lucky housewives ! To have such a
images/img_02217.png	young wives , # harassed by
images/img_02218.png	television network , N.B.C. And hour after hour it poured out its
images/img_02219.png	Britain today ! " THIS is colour day , " proclaimed the American
images/img_02220.png	The dinner table is the best answer to the grumblers in
images/img_02221.png	programmes in bright colours . In America colour TV is five years
images/img_02222.png	The B.B.C. is ready to launch a colour TV service , but the
images/img_02223.png	old . There are already 600,000 sets in use . What about Britain ?
images/img_02224.png	commercial TV contractors want to delay it for 10 years .
images/img_02225.png	The Government should settle this argument with two words to
images/img_02226.png	by the deaths of two elderly sisters who killed themselves because
images/img_02227.png	Newmarket urban council , says : " I shall always feel this as a
images/img_02228.png	they had to leave their cottage . Mr. John Crabb , clerk to
images/img_02229.png	the B.B.C. : - Go ahead ! ONE man beyond all others is saddened
images/img_02230.png	personal failure . "
images/img_02231.png	sisters had to quit as their home was falling down . And Mr. Crabb
images/img_02232.png	did his best for them , even driving them to a new house . John
images/img_02233.png	does not want his daughter to marry a Scotsman .
images/img_02234.png	There is no reason whatsoever why he should reproach himself . The
images/img_02235.png	often lacking in officialdom . MR. HENRY NEWTON of Acton
images/img_02236.png	Crabb has the qualities of sympathy and understanding . Too
images/img_02237.png	be in England . The first ruler of the United Kingdom was a
images/img_02238.png	He says that the Scots are foreigners who have no business to
images/img_02239.png	Scot . The Lord Chancellor is a Scot . The Prime Minister is a
images/img_02240.png	may be guilty of rebellion !
images/img_02241.png	Scot - and so were four of his predecessors this # century .
images/img_02242.png	Let Mr. Newton beware . By protesting against Scotland he
images/img_02243.png	company will sign on again .
images/img_02244.png	His ex-Eoka Government decides that Cyprus will join it for
images/img_02245.png	safe bet that at the end of five years Makarios and
images/img_02246.png	all the trading benefits of Imperial Preference . It is a
images/img_02247.png	to subsidise and defend the Cypriots . They will enjoy
images/img_02248.png	ARCHBISHOP MAKARIOS puts the Commonwealth on trial .
images/img_02249.png	five years . During this period Britain will be expected
images/img_02250.png	It is equally certain that the British Government
images/img_02251.png	the British people . And tell Makarios they are not
images/img_02252.png	for the week-end . Ford Motors are to put 13,000
images/img_02253.png	prepared to accept him on such terms . GOOD cheer
images/img_02254.png	men back on a five-day week .
images/img_02255.png	will welcome them . How splendid it would be if , just
images/img_02256.png	for once , the Government were to voice the real feelings of
images/img_02257.png	springtime approaches , orders pick up . And the car men get
images/img_02258.png	ready for another bustling season . The pessimists
images/img_02259.png	proved right . EARL RUSSELL and his friends have
images/img_02260.png	hit on an original way of spending this afternoon .
images/img_02261.png	One more demonstration of the industry's recovery . As
images/img_02262.png	said the motor industry was on its knees . The optimists
images/img_02263.png	said " Nonsense . " As usual , the optimists have been
images/img_02264.png	They intend to sit outside the Ministry of Defence . It is
images/img_02265.png	their protest against the H-bomb . They ought to have a
images/img_02266.png	Whitehall should be deserted . And they will have a fine view
images/img_02267.png	of St. James's Park , with its placid lake , pelicans ,
images/img_02268.png	pleasant time . The weather forecast is good ; except for them ,
images/img_02269.png	rare ducks , and other wild life .
images/img_02270.png	in an extra two or three evenings . And they never
images/img_02271.png	Head for the parks to enjoy the sun . Not in
images/img_02272.png	a foolish cause , but in a glorious one . Good health !
images/img_02273.png	go on strike .
images/img_02274.png	THIS group of men , says a report , work on average
images/img_02275.png	Why not follow Lord Russell's lead today ?
images/img_02276.png	between 55 and 60 hours a week . They also put
images/img_02277.png	employers . THE Labour Party says that the Tory
images/img_02278.png	Who are they ? The trade union officials of Britain .
images/img_02279.png	labour market . The unions are fortunate indeed to
images/img_02280.png	Men who earn only a fraction of what their
images/img_02281.png	time the members decided to pay up and be good
images/img_02282.png	Government is destroying the social services .
images/img_02283.png	talents and responsibilities could bring in the open
images/img_02284.png	find dedicated leaders at cut-rate prices . But it is
images/img_02285.png	whose husband made her clean his uniform , wins
images/img_02286.png	national income was spent on social services . The
images/img_02287.png	as a serf .
images/img_02288.png	worthwhile targets for the Opposition . What a pity
images/img_02289.png	present figure is 19.5 per cent. There are many
images/img_02290.png	a divorce . The judge says she had to act almost
images/img_02291.png	Under the Labour Government 18.1 per cent of the
images/img_02292.png	to aim at the wrong one ! MRS. MARCIA POWER ,
images/img_02293.png	they would never behave like that . But do they ever
images/img_02294.png	box of chocolates or a bunch of flowers !
images/img_02295.png	returned to the shed ; their books tidied ; and often ,
images/img_02296.png	Up and down the country husbands will be saying
images/img_02297.png	even their shoes cleaned ? How wonderful if they
images/img_02298.png	showed their appreciation this morning with a surprise
images/img_02299.png	ponder how their gardening tools are mysteriously
images/img_02300.png	Secretary . Suddenly everything changed . Timetables were
images/img_02301.png	Federal Government were getting valuable experience in
images/img_02302.png	administration . Then Mr. Iain Macleod became Colonial
images/img_02303.png	scrapped . The ill-conceived Monckton Commission was
images/img_02304.png	politicians were inflated into international figures .
images/img_02305.png	in Rhodesia ! Eighteen months ago this territory
images/img_02306.png	HOW the Government must repent its haste and folly
images/img_02307.png	was peaceful , orderly , and thriving . Africans within the
images/img_02308.png	rushed out to Rhodesia . Overnight , minor African
images/img_02309.png	No wonder there is doubt and fearful heart-searching .
images/img_02310.png	TODAY , in London , that rash and thoughtless policy has
images/img_02311.png	difficulties from African politicians greedy for power .
images/img_02312.png	of change , so the Africans stepped up their demands .
images/img_02313.png	caused a crisis - a crisis that never should have happened .
images/img_02314.png	Africans control in Northern Rhodesia it may indeed face
images/img_02315.png	If the Government now reverses its plan to give the
images/img_02316.png	And as the British Government stepped up the pace
images/img_02317.png	fastest ? That is the exciting competition going on
images/img_02318.png	Macmillan and his ministers there is no choice . They
images/img_02319.png	But if it fails to modify that plan Rhodesia may well
images/img_02320.png	among Britain's major industries .
images/img_02321.png	repair the damage they have done . WHO can grow the
images/img_02322.png	be plunged into chaos , like the Congo . For Mr.
images/img_02323.png	must safeguard Rhodesia against chaos . And try to
images/img_02324.png	factory building this year is likely to be 40 per cent
images/img_02325.png	their faith with cash .
images/img_02326.png	Top of the table , at the moment , is the chemical industry .
images/img_02327.png	up on 1960 . Britain's business men are right to back
images/img_02328.png	tremendous upsurge in investment . It reports that new
images/img_02329.png	Even the staid and timid Treasury is cheered by the
images/img_02330.png	Then comes engineering , followed by iron and steel .
images/img_02331.png	the 88-year-old standard bearer of the Ban-
images/img_02332.png	prosperity tomorrow . BERTRAND RUSSELL ,
images/img_02333.png	issues of our time .
images/img_02334.png	the-Bomb crusade , has devoted following .
images/img_02335.png	too . It is said by some that he is a saint ; by
images/img_02336.png	others that he is a prophet . He is , in fact , a
images/img_02337.png	For expansion today means still greater
images/img_02338.png	philosopher with a highly developed sense of publicity
images/img_02339.png	who has been spectacularly wrong on the great
images/img_02340.png	Thousands march with him - and sit with him
images/img_02341.png	that freedom last if their policies were adopted ?
images/img_02342.png	to welcome Hitler's troops as tourists .
images/img_02343.png	After the war he favoured a preventive war against
images/img_02344.png	defences . Throughout the years Lord Russell
images/img_02345.png	and his supporters have been able to pursue their
images/img_02346.png	Russia . Now he wants Britain to demolish her
images/img_02347.png	ask themselves this question : How long would
images/img_02348.png	eccentric campaigns in freedom . They should
images/img_02349.png	BEFORE the war he urged the British people
images/img_02350.png	has been appointed to smooth out difficulties for
images/img_02351.png	Happy patrolling , Mr. Finlay !
images/img_02352.png	householders when trenches are dug outside their
images/img_02353.png	mile route in Surrey . A warden , Mr. Jack Finlay ,
images/img_02354.png	front gates . Splendid . By showing concern
images/img_02355.png	AN experiment in courtesy is launched by the Electricity
images/img_02356.png	Board . The board is laying a cable along a seven-
images/img_02357.png	for the people the board will earn their good will .
images/img_02358.png	resolute Premier of the Rhodesian Federation
images/img_02359.png	shakes the life out of his critics . He calls them
images/img_02360.png	Welensky justified in being so harsh to those who
images/img_02361.png	against African fanatics and woolly minded
images/img_02362.png	disagree with him ? The facts answer that .
images/img_02363.png	GOOD for Sir Roy Welensky ! The tough ,
images/img_02364.png	individuals in the West . Some may ask : Is
images/img_02365.png	" jelly-boned . " He promises to preserve federation
images/img_02366.png	months . And what has it made of the Congo ?
images/img_02367.png	CONTRAST his firm , successful rule in Rhodesia
images/img_02368.png	Welensky has lost all patience with his
images/img_02369.png	misguided tormentors .
images/img_02370.png	into practice . There a UNO army of Africans ,
images/img_02371.png	A bloodstained shambles . No wonder
images/img_02372.png	bossed by an Indian , has been in charge for
images/img_02373.png	with what has happened in the Congo . There
images/img_02374.png	Welensky's opponents have carried their theories
images/img_02375.png	Office Savings Bank shows how wrong that
images/img_02376.png	to 19 .
images/img_02377.png	contempt . SOME people are for ever complaining
images/img_02378.png	when they get it . Now a survey of the Post
images/img_02379.png	that teenagers earn too much and spend it all
images/img_02380.png	They have earned his strictures . And his
images/img_02381.png	idea is . The biggest group of depositors in
images/img_02382.png	the bank is made of boys and girls aged 15
images/img_02383.png	They say that our farmers do not seem to
images/img_02384.png	that in the most prosperous days in this
images/img_02385.png	farmers for fighting against Danish competition .
images/img_02386.png	people . THE Danes are annoyed with British
images/img_02387.png	should still have a powerful appeal for young
images/img_02388.png	Certainly teenagers earn more than ever before .
images/img_02389.png	Certainly they spend more . But how splendid
images/img_02390.png	understand the meaning of free trade .
images/img_02391.png	country's history the old-fashioned virtue of thrift
images/img_02392.png	now supplanted Britain as Denmark's
images/img_02393.png	by free trade . It is that they should be free
images/img_02394.png	principal supplier . The farmers of Britain
images/img_02395.png	There is no doubt what the Danes understand
images/img_02396.png	more and more from our rivals . Germany has
images/img_02397.png	it .
images/img_02398.png	to sell as much as they like , while buying
images/img_02399.png	understand free trade . That is why they fight
images/img_02400.png	enterprises . Barry and Eric have enthusiasm . They
images/img_02401.png	reopened next week by Barry Flanagan and Eric
images/img_02402.png	Platt , both aged 19 . Eric says : " We believe in the
images/img_02403.png	cinema . And we know what people want . " The
images/img_02404.png	combination of enthusiasm and shrewd anticipation
images/img_02405.png	of public taste has launched many great
images/img_02406.png	THE Palace cinema at Buckley , near Chester , will be
images/img_02407.png	are backed by a resurgent film industry .
images/img_02408.png	most vital industry . It is increasingly dependent
images/img_02409.png	Cambridge want the study of agriculture to become
images/img_02410.png	provide men of knowledge and skill .
images/img_02411.png	the old Palace . And Barry and Eric . DONS at
images/img_02412.png	It could be curtain up on two success stories . Of
images/img_02413.png	an honours degree course . Farming is Britain's
images/img_02414.png	on new techniques - and on the universities to
images/img_02415.png	similar course in farming for 15 years !
images/img_02416.png	The older universities are often accused of being
images/img_02417.png	JOHN GLENN , Virgil Grissom , Alan Shepard . One of
images/img_02418.png	living . Particularly as its rival , Oxford , has had a
images/img_02419.png	first journey into Space .
images/img_02420.png	the opportunity to show is just as interested in the
images/img_02421.png	these three men has a date with destiny - the
images/img_02422.png	interested only in dead subjects . Now Cambridge has
images/img_02423.png	people believed that there were no more worlds to
images/img_02424.png	conquer .
images/img_02425.png	At the beginning of this wonderful century many
images/img_02426.png	The other incident occurred in the boat-train from Cherbourg
images/img_02427.png	took out a piece of paper , wrote his address on it and added :
images/img_02428.png	" Anybody mucking the Yanks about had better call on me
images/img_02429.png	first . I won't stand for it . " Exit a puzzled American .
images/img_02430.png	Nobody 's going to shove 2ole Uncle Sam around ! " He then
images/img_02431.png	to Paris .
images/img_02432.png	been in Britain many times before , were
images/img_02433.png	The travellers from the New World who had
images/img_02434.png	out of unturned stones . "
images/img_02435.png	many a good trade unionist since then has , in the
images/img_02436.png	we knew it all , but you Britishers never run
images/img_02437.png	the theoretical Luddite hammer again .
images/img_02438.png	darndest , I offer these sad complexities . IN the 1830's
images/img_02439.png	hope of improving the lot of his fellow workers , taken
images/img_02440.png	To the British Travel Association , doing their excellent
images/img_02441.png	the Luddites took sledge-hammers to their looms and
images/img_02442.png	slightly stunned . Afterwards they said : " We thought
images/img_02443.png	in Los Angeles . They have developed a new
images/img_02444.png	the stop-watch manufacturing methods that
images/img_02445.png	system whereby completely untrained workers
images/img_02446.png	can be taught their trade by means of tape
images/img_02447.png	have # led to restrictive practices . Now a new
images/img_02448.png	Hence the hostility to automation and
images/img_02449.png	threat to those who toil and spin has been
images/img_02450.png	recordings and television .
images/img_02451.png	developed by a firm specialising in electronics
images/img_02452.png	What happens is that the unskilled worker
images/img_02453.png	set of skilled manufacturing processes in one
images/img_02454.png	Not only can the raw human mind be
images/img_02455.png	audio-TV training techniques , he can be switched
images/img_02456.png	explanatory TV pictures , into becoming a highly
images/img_02457.png	instructions on how to do the job coupled with
images/img_02458.png	technically equipped very quickly to do one
images/img_02459.png	trade but , by being given another of the new
images/img_02460.png	is processed , by high-speed listening to recorded
images/img_02461.png	skilled , obedient craftsman in no time at all .
images/img_02462.png	to a different industry if he just gives in and
images/img_02463.png	with ball , bats and wickets between
images/img_02464.png	# two sides consisting of eleven players
images/img_02465.png	for a completely new job in less time
images/img_02466.png	factory to becoming a paint sprayer in
images/img_02467.png	Dictionary , is " an open air game played
images/img_02468.png	Martyrs ! " " CRICKET , " says the Oxford
images/img_02469.png	a ceramic factory , he can be qualified
images/img_02470.png	each . " Not so , dear Oxford Dictionary .
images/img_02471.png	From being an assembler in an aircraft
images/img_02472.png	than it takes to say " Tolpuddle
images/img_02473.png	What would THEY have thought of
images/img_02474.png	the pitch with their optical
images/img_02475.png	with a theodolite , six surveyors , a ball ;
images/img_02476.png	You are out of date . Cricket in 1961 is played
images/img_02477.png	of the village stalwarts of Hambledon who
images/img_02478.png	these civil engineers creeping about
images/img_02479.png	are now the patron saints of the game !
images/img_02480.png	bats and wickets between two sides . Shades
images/img_02481.png	instruments ?
images/img_02482.png	on a pitch have no terrors for a good batsman with a stout
images/img_02483.png	mighty six these days as rare as frostbite in summer .
images/img_02484.png	heart , a firm grip on the willow and a hefty contempt for
images/img_02485.png	batting averages and all the statistical blight that makes a
images/img_02486.png	The village green is the real home of cricket . A couple of bumps
images/img_02487.png	EICHMANN continues # to reveal the extraordinary divisions of the
images/img_02488.png	German mind . Not content with arguing that he was only an
images/img_02489.png	endless massacre that led to the death of six million Jews was
images/img_02490.png	" decent , feasible and workable . "
images/img_02491.png	They 'll be clapping the man who plays a straight theodolite next .
images/img_02492.png	efficient cog in the machine , he now claims that part of the
images/img_02493.png	He feels satisfaction " from the fact that my personality had been
images/img_02494.png	Like Dr. Globke , whom I interviewed the other day , Eichmann
images/img_02495.png	Pontius Pilate who washed his hands before the multitude
images/img_02496.png	said :
images/img_02497.png	saying : " I am innocent of the blood of this just person . "
images/img_02498.png	tested and weighed and not found wanting . " He feels like
images/img_02499.png	" I drew a certain solace from the fact that I did what I
images/img_02500.png	when he pleads that he was only a small unit on the base
images/img_02501.png	led to the top .
images/img_02502.png	could despite my low rank . " Eichmann is on dangerous ground
images/img_02503.png	intimate knowledge of every link in the chain of command that
images/img_02504.png	at the apex . In examination he betrayed an expert and
images/img_02505.png	of the triangle that led to Hitler , Himmler , Hess and Goering
images/img_02506.png	meticulous comprehension that could only have come from a man
images/img_02507.png	selves and feel a sense of righteousness when their hands are
images/img_02508.png	who used the system - and used it with power and authority .
images/img_02509.png	The appalling thing about the Germans is that they can kid them-
images/img_02510.png	He understood the whole apparatus with an exact and
images/img_02511.png	red with blood .
images/img_02512.png	believed in the moral superiority of " The New
images/img_02513.png	they really believed Hitler when he screamed at
images/img_02514.png	Czechoslovakia , Poland , Holland , Belgium and France
images/img_02515.png	was an iniquitous injustice . When they burst into
images/img_02516.png	thus : " Whether nations live in prosperity or starve
images/img_02517.png	need them as slaves to # our Kultur ; otherwise
images/img_02518.png	to death like cattle interests me only in so far as we
images/img_02519.png	it is of no interest to me .
images/img_02520.png	They really believed that the Treaty of Versailles
images/img_02521.png	Order " which Himmler on October 4 , 1943 , expressed
images/img_02522.png	them that they were being " encircled . " They really
images/img_02523.png	invasion of our islands all the " able-bodied
images/img_02524.png	General Brauchitsch signed a directive
images/img_02525.png	This concept of slavery included Britain .
images/img_02526.png	Continent . " The Baltic States were
images/img_02527.png	ruling , be interned and dispatched to the
images/img_02528.png	local situation calls for an exceptional
images/img_02529.png	ordering that after the successful
images/img_02530.png	seventeen and forty-five will , unless the
images/img_02531.png	to have been our destination .
images/img_02532.png	male population between the ages of
images/img_02533.png	Poland , had the Germans begun with such a
images/img_02534.png	evil word . THE Inland Revenue people have a
images/img_02535.png	themselves less disliked by their attitude
images/img_02536.png	to their customers - who incidentally
images/img_02537.png	of Eichmann would have been as good as their
images/img_02538.png	In no other conquered country , not even
images/img_02539.png	thankless task . But they do not make
images/img_02540.png	pay their salaries .
images/img_02541.png	drastic step . There is no doubt that the compatriots
images/img_02542.png	heard a good example of their officious efficiency .
images/img_02543.png	hectoring , out-of-date language , but in spite of all
images/img_02544.png	net while they are bullying the minnows . I have just
images/img_02545.png	a bean for the next twenty-one days .
images/img_02546.png	A young chap I know got his first job last week . He
images/img_02547.png	their bluster , they let many a big fish through the
images/img_02548.png	is paid monthly in arrears and will not get
images/img_02549.png	Their demands are invariably couched in
images/img_02550.png	of " Abou Ben Adhem . "
images/img_02551.png	come through the sugary sentiments
images/img_02552.png	upbringing and a possible reprieve might
images/img_02553.png	ness . I may well have felt that I was
images/img_02554.png	guilty interest in the devilment busi-
images/img_02555.png	It was called " Abou Ben Adhem and the
images/img_02556.png	flection , it might be that I took a
images/img_02557.png	hell-bound under a strict Presbyterian
images/img_02558.png	impressed with this poem but , on re-
images/img_02559.png	Angel . " I don't know why I was so
images/img_02560.png	of German rearmament , in opposition , to France . "
images/img_02561.png	Later that year he warned that Britain knew
images/img_02562.png	building bombers , and added :
images/img_02563.png	the German ambassador in London was dictating
images/img_02564.png	SOME 17 years ago , in the early summer of 1934 ,
images/img_02565.png	a secret report to his chief von Papen , in Berlin .
images/img_02566.png	Germany was breaking the agreement to stop
images/img_02567.png	" Britain is uncomfortable in her role of champion
images/img_02568.png	providing the cloak for Germany to build an
images/img_02569.png	Hoesch's reports , along with other nazi documents ,
images/img_02570.png	clear . At nazi Germany's request , Britain was
images/img_02571.png	ment in the air would be jeopardised . " When
images/img_02572.png	" Without Britain's tolerance German rearma-
images/img_02573.png	pattern of British Government connivance became
images/img_02574.png	air force bigger than that of France .
images/img_02575.png	were captured and published after the war the
images/img_02576.png	Yesterday West German Defence Minister ,
images/img_02577.png	United States' principal Nato ally . "
images/img_02578.png	the " strongest militarily in Europe and the
images/img_02579.png	militarists are advancing their rearmament .
images/img_02580.png	that his policy was to make his country
images/img_02581.png	are another stage in the cloak operation ,
images/img_02582.png	Herr Strauss told the Daily Mail last October
images/img_02583.png	1961 variety , by which the West German
images/img_02584.png	Defence Minister , Mr. Watkinson . Their talks
images/img_02585.png	Herr Strauss , started talks with the British
images/img_02586.png	the argument with Mr. Watkinson which he had in public at a
images/img_02587.png	His job is to build up the military apparatus which
images/img_02588.png	Europe through the Common Market . He continued this week
images/img_02589.png	Nato council meeting last year over the question : do we
images/img_02590.png	will back West Germany's economic domination of Western
images/img_02591.png	fight a 30-day war or a 90-day war ?
images/img_02592.png	agreed to give similar " facilities "
images/img_02593.png	In the past year West Germany
images/img_02594.png	German armed forces ( within Nato
images/img_02595.png	A 90-day war , the West German
images/img_02596.png	bases all over Western Europe .
images/img_02597.png	" facilities " in France , Holland and
images/img_02598.png	view , provides the pretext for huge
images/img_02599.png	Belgium . After much bargaining
images/img_02600.png	has secured agreements for
images/img_02601.png	the British Government has
images/img_02602.png	of course ) and for those to have
images/img_02603.png	compared with four divisions of
images/img_02604.png	in Nato . ( A supply apparatus which would
images/img_02605.png	will be 11 German divisions in Nato
images/img_02606.png	British troops .
images/img_02607.png	Britain for being an obstacle for West Germany's
images/img_02608.png	plans for a " unified supply apparatus "
images/img_02609.png	" facilities . " ) By the end of the year there
images/img_02610.png	The process has been too slow for Herr
images/img_02611.png	link together the various West German
images/img_02612.png	Strauss and last month he attacked
images/img_02613.png	( range 950 miles ) , also provided by the Americans .
images/img_02614.png	36 firing ramps , including weapons like Matador
images/img_02615.png	up . These " fighters " are in fact fighter bombers
images/img_02616.png	Alongside these divisions a force of over 600
images/img_02617.png	Starfighters provided by the Americans is growing
images/img_02618.png	nine missile battalions , with 288 missiles and
images/img_02619.png	Eastern Europe . By 1963 the Germans plan to have
images/img_02620.png	which could launch an atomic attack on
images/img_02621.png	and stronger . Now this target which
images/img_02622.png	reported to be halfway toward
images/img_02623.png	warheads to these weapons . General
images/img_02624.png	this target . Her position as " America's
images/img_02625.png	a great disturbance last autumn
images/img_02626.png	Heusinger , the man who caused
images/img_02627.png	have their eyes on is control of the
images/img_02628.png	Last month West Germany was
images/img_02629.png	principal Nato ally " grows stronger
images/img_02630.png	Herr Strauss and his fellows
images/img_02631.png	American leadership . But a big role has been
images/img_02632.png	by Right-Wing Labour in this country . They have
images/img_02633.png	helped build up Nato and rearm Western Germany ,
images/img_02634.png	in pursuit of the old familiar anti-Soviet
images/img_02635.png	played not only by the British Government but
images/img_02636.png	All this has been achieved through Nato under
images/img_02637.png	policy which brought disaster in 1939 .
images/img_02638.png	the German militarists , is , in fact , the cover for
images/img_02639.png	Now the argument is being used that Nato must be maintained
images/img_02640.png	his quest for atomic arms .
images/img_02641.png	and Britain must stay in it to keep the Germans in
images/img_02642.png	building up their power . What must Britain do ? Today ,
images/img_02643.png	again , she has a key role . Let her tell men like Strauss
images/img_02644.png	that he shall have no bases or " facilities , " no help in
images/img_02645.png	control . Nato , far from being a means of controlling
images/img_02646.png	alliances like Nato and seeks friendship
images/img_02647.png	betrayal like that of the '30s . Shipbuilding
images/img_02648.png	policy decisions established at the Scar-
images/img_02649.png	bell's article , for , as president of a union
images/img_02650.png	appalled at the character of the current
images/img_02651.png	with the Soviet Union can prevent another
images/img_02652.png	which fought for and still stands on the
images/img_02653.png	city : * # I WAS pleased to read J. R. Camp-
images/img_02654.png	borough Labour Party Conference I am
images/img_02655.png	Draughtsmen , writing in his personal capa-
images/img_02656.png	A policy which breaks with military
images/img_02657.png	to the two major conferences of the movement and
images/img_02658.png	unpalatable majority decisions as binding on the
images/img_02659.png	down # unambiguous alternatives to
images/img_02660.png	many others , we conducted our fight by putting
images/img_02661.png	For many years my union had to present its views
images/img_02662.png	movement and having a go next time . Alongside
images/img_02663.png	take a licking . For us , unity meant accepting
images/img_02664.png	official policy and seeking to win majorities
images/img_02665.png	for them .
images/img_02666.png	perspective of sharp struggle based on consistent
images/img_02667.png	movement , which had then chosen a vigorous
images/img_02668.png	lines of difference with the Tories . Many members
images/img_02669.png	we were naturally delighted , more so because
images/img_02670.png	When Scarborough carried our point of view
images/img_02671.png	anti-Nato , anti-Tory , anti-bomb and anti-German
images/img_02672.png	of the union would become easier in the context
images/img_02673.png	understood that the bread-and-butter struggles
images/img_02674.png	the alternatives had been put clearly to the
images/img_02675.png	rearmament policy . Hopes rose as we saw a
images/img_02676.png	of organisational dominance
images/img_02677.png	Gaitskellites using the position
images/img_02678.png	established during their years
images/img_02679.png	between support for the war
images/img_02680.png	if we have then by our practice
images/img_02681.png	spending on armaments , and our
images/img_02682.png	standards . Instead , we saw the
images/img_02683.png	basic effort to improve living
images/img_02684.png	For we have always felt , even
images/img_02685.png	ignored it , the inconsistency
images/img_02686.png	alliance , with resulting colossal
images/img_02687.png	time . Confusion of the original issue
images/img_02688.png	around frantically to overturn them next
images/img_02689.png	by misrepresentation of the decisions ,
images/img_02690.png	They obstructed every effort to fight for the
images/img_02691.png	a demand that the movement unite
images/img_02692.png	trick of moving a number of unions
images/img_02693.png	and no other seems to have done the
images/img_02694.png	and the call for party unity - in effect ,
images/img_02695.png	the introduction of a pseudo third way
images/img_02696.png	Scarborough decisions , while # scratching
images/img_02697.png	with the Gaitskellites on their policy
images/img_02698.png	original stand . Only where the issues were
images/img_02699.png	immediate confusion hides the fact that the
images/img_02700.png	decisions .
images/img_02701.png	It would become easy to become cynical and
images/img_02702.png	majority to # secure the Scarborough
images/img_02703.png	clearly , sections of the movement reaffirmed their
images/img_02704.png	posed so as to cause doubt and confusion
images/img_02705.png	to despair . And yet , wherever the issues were put
images/img_02706.png	Peace movement is still advancing and that
images/img_02707.png	clarification of the issues can bring a
images/img_02708.png	were positions lost . It is my view that this
images/img_02709.png	This , and the numbers of active
images/img_02710.png	were confused , clear policy details -
images/img_02711.png	how and why the trick was done ,
images/img_02712.png	In unions where the central issues
images/img_02713.png	provides a strong , immediate basis
images/img_02714.png	Powerful units have stood firm .
images/img_02715.png	doubtful positions , and for a consistent
images/img_02716.png	as on bases - were decisively carried .
images/img_02717.png	workers who are beginning to understand
images/img_02718.png	peace policy .
images/img_02719.png	for a campaign against weak and
images/img_02720.png	Administration's sharpened policies , the
images/img_02721.png	All recent events show how correct the
images/img_02722.png	Gaitskellism is bankrupt .
images/img_02723.png	working class to sharp new dangers - that
images/img_02724.png	present a whole new proof that to abandon
images/img_02725.png	speeded-up drive to improve West
images/img_02726.png	Scarborough is to expose Britain and her
images/img_02727.png	Germany's armament , the new attempt
images/img_02728.png	Market , and the kite-flying on Spain
images/img_02729.png	Scarborough decisions were . The Kennedy
images/img_02730.png	to rush Britain into the European Common
images/img_02731.png	Ordinary working people will never
images/img_02732.png	Gaitskell's stupid hope . The tragedy is
images/img_02733.png	Government to carry through Tory policy -
images/img_02734.png	rally to defend a policy founded on
images/img_02735.png	a fighting policy , based on Scarborough .
images/img_02736.png	have been made into Tory strength by
images/img_02737.png	trade union movement following the
images/img_02738.png	THE desire for unity in the Labour and
images/img_02739.png	political chicanery or elect a Labour
images/img_02740.png	that enormous inroads could already
images/img_02741.png	same as that of the Tory Government .
images/img_02742.png	established on a false basis , or by creating
images/img_02743.png	At the same time that unity cannot be
images/img_02744.png	convenience . Unity can never be established by
images/img_02745.png	troops being trained on British soil and Polaris ,
images/img_02746.png	being a law unto themselves and opposing
images/img_02747.png	any formula uniting those who oppose German
images/img_02748.png	further confusion within the movement . Unity
images/img_02749.png	conference decisions when it suits their own
images/img_02750.png	and those who are for this policy - which is the
images/img_02751.png	will never be established on the basis of leaders
images/img_02752.png	troops being trained on British soil . The new
images/img_02753.png	not remain an independent nuclear Power , now
images/img_02754.png	bases , but are in favour of German bases and
images/img_02755.png	Britain in an even more dangerous position .
images/img_02756.png	supports the policy of depending on American
images/img_02757.png	leaders are not only in favour of American
images/img_02758.png	Defence statement , while accepting that Britain can-
images/img_02759.png	ment to unite the movement as the Labour
images/img_02760.png	nuclear weapons and the H-bomb , placing
images/img_02761.png	It is impossible for Labour's new Defence state-
images/img_02762.png	different in principle to the new defence statement .
images/img_02763.png	who will actually give the instructions to press
images/img_02764.png	by their talk of political and collective control
images/img_02765.png	The statement of Padley and Crossman is no
images/img_02766.png	clear who controls the American H-bomb , and
images/img_02767.png	They accept American nuclear bases , and also
images/img_02768.png	of Nato . The Pentagon has made it perfectly
images/img_02769.png	until some future date . They deceive the people
images/img_02770.png	the use of nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy
images/img_02771.png	the button for nuclear warfare .
images/img_02772.png	at the same time defend Britain . This
images/img_02773.png	trade unionists , when it decided by overwhelming
images/img_02774.png	on unilateral disarmament , and to oppose
images/img_02775.png	was shown at the Scottish Trades Union
images/img_02776.png	the Holy Loch , or any other part of Britain .
images/img_02777.png	votes , to reaffirm the Scarborough decisions
images/img_02778.png	There is only one way to develop unity and
images/img_02779.png	Congress , representing 800,000 organised
images/img_02780.png	Polaris and military bases being installed on
images/img_02781.png	that the movement will go on record against
images/img_02782.png	and military training .
images/img_02783.png	present Tory Government , which has become a
images/img_02784.png	Such a policy would unite the whole movement
images/img_02785.png	the Polaris base and facilities for German bases
images/img_02786.png	home and foreign policy . It is quite evident
images/img_02787.png	and lay the basis for the defeat of the
images/img_02788.png	real menace to the British people both in
images/img_02789.png	ballyhoo about Commonwealth Training
images/img_02790.png	end the manufacture and use of
images/img_02791.png	all nuclear strategy and weapons of mass
images/img_02792.png	than a handful of new apprenticeships
images/img_02793.png	Week subsides it is doubtful whether more
images/img_02794.png	This should strengthen the campaign to
images/img_02795.png	destruction , and lay the basis for real
images/img_02796.png	nuclear weapons in Britain . Britain then
images/img_02797.png	could play a leading and independent
images/img_02798.png	role for an international agreement to ban
images/img_02799.png	peace and progress . WHEN all the
images/img_02800.png	Wolverhampton for Britain's technical training to
images/img_02801.png	This week of window dressing will not prevent
images/img_02802.png	and open days at techs , more than descents into
images/img_02803.png	jobs . It needs more than 10,000 church parades
images/img_02804.png	Brighton's sewers or balloon ascents over
images/img_02805.png	in six weeks time from ending up in blind alley
images/img_02806.png	most of the hopeful 15-year-olds leaving school
images/img_02807.png	catch up with the space age .
images/img_02808.png	centage is expected to swell to 80
images/img_02809.png	work in 1960 420000 ( 73 per cent )
images/img_02810.png	next year . The Duke , possibly
images/img_02811.png	The heli-hopping Duke of Edinburgh ,
images/img_02812.png	young people aged 15-17 starting
images/img_02813.png	speaking from experience , stated :
images/img_02814.png	scientific revolution . Out of the 550,000
images/img_02815.png	opening a few technical college extensions ,
images/img_02816.png	will not keep us abreast of the
images/img_02817.png	went into unskilled work . The per-
images/img_02818.png	offered six craft apprenticeships and received 450
images/img_02819.png	boys who passed the Admiralty exams for Rosyth
images/img_02820.png	dockyard last year .
images/img_02821.png	are denied it . One area electricity board in 1958
images/img_02822.png	applications , of whom 100 were considered suitable by
images/img_02823.png	But the Duke is wrong when he implies that young people
images/img_02824.png	prefer unskilled jobs . Countless numbers who want training
images/img_02825.png	the board . There were only 17 vacancies for the 58
images/img_02826.png	survey of a life work . P. J. K. HANS WERNER
images/img_02827.png	The production by Bill Duncalf
images/img_02828.png	HENZE'S " Elegy for Young Lovers " is the first
images/img_02829.png	compressed a long and sometimes rambling
images/img_02830.png	a representative modern work and the composer
images/img_02831.png	idioms , with a strong sense of words and situation .
images/img_02832.png	story into a concentrated comprehensive
images/img_02833.png	admitted to the Glyndebourne canon . By no
images/img_02834.png	means a masterpiece , it is in many respects
images/img_02835.png	unambiguously " contemporary " work to be
images/img_02836.png	is a highly skilled manipulator of contemporary
images/img_02837.png	intervals , and the result is often less delineation
images/img_02838.png	is largely a satire on the petty court
images/img_02839.png	egocentric character leads him to sacrifice
images/img_02840.png	or at least the most successfully executed trait
images/img_02841.png	of the libretto , which contains an odd blend of highly
images/img_02842.png	obtains his musical characterisation by means
images/img_02843.png	everything to his need of inspiration . Henze
images/img_02844.png	of character than caricature . This is also the chief ,
images/img_02845.png	of individual instrumental timbres and " personal "
images/img_02846.png	The libretto , by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman ,
images/img_02847.png	surrounding an ageing poet , whose deeply
images/img_02848.png	mischief perpetrated by almost every person
images/img_02849.png	the bones Doris Langley Moore has brought
images/img_02850.png	who had been close to him . In turning over
images/img_02851.png	behaviour and a vision of mischief-
images/img_02852.png	classes in the early 19th century which
images/img_02853.png	him , and was even outmatched by the
images/img_02854.png	leaves one a little breathless .
images/img_02855.png	to light a great deal of discreditable
images/img_02856.png	The evil that Byron did certainly lived after
images/img_02857.png	making propensities of the leisured
images/img_02858.png	ber of German film directors who have
images/img_02859.png	Film Festival was suddenly jolted back to
images/img_02860.png	ennui , the eleventh Berlin International
images/img_02861.png	AFTER ten days of intermittent , near fatal
images/img_02862.png	angelo Antonioni's " La Notte . " The num-
images/img_02863.png	life by two extraordinary films , Bernhard
images/img_02864.png	made first rate works in the last 25 years
images/img_02865.png	Wicki's " Das Wunder des Malachias " ( " The
images/img_02866.png	can be counted on the fingers of one
images/img_02867.png	Miracle of Father Malachias " ) and Michael-
images/img_02868.png	film ro*?5le in Ka"utner's " Die letzt
images/img_02869.png	sation of the German cinema . Wicki is
images/img_02870.png	Bru"cke , " and he also appears in the
images/img_02871.png	It would now seem that Wicki's name must
images/img_02872.png	as an actor , had his first important
images/img_02873.png	may well be a landmark in the revitali-
images/img_02874.png	be added to this list , for his new film
images/img_02875.png	new Antonioni film .
images/img_02876.png	not only a director . He began his career
images/img_02877.png	is now on view in a Berlin gallery is most im-
images/img_02878.png	technical means of abstraction .
images/img_02879.png	In 1950 he began to take photographs not
images/img_02880.png	pressive . As Friedrich Du"rrenmatt , the Swiss
images/img_02881.png	lost and the forgotten , but they are also the
images/img_02882.png	only in Germany but also in Africa and
images/img_02883.png	and greys are not only the colours of the
images/img_02884.png	playwright and author , wrote : " Wicki's blacks
images/img_02885.png	America . An exhibition of these works which
images/img_02886.png	film , " Die Bru"cke , " was equally terrifying ,
images/img_02887.png	colouring must be eliminated . He does not
images/img_02888.png	want the accuracy of a police photograph ,
images/img_02889.png	but rather he wants to show the eternal in
images/img_02890.png	Every unnecessary detail , all superfluous local
images/img_02891.png	of reality into an icy supernatural vacuum
images/img_02892.png	grapher as to Wicki the director . His earlier
images/img_02893.png	but here the director moves out of the world
images/img_02894.png	chias " is due as much to Wicki the photo-
images/img_02895.png	every instant . " The chilling horror of " Mala-
images/img_02896.png	moved . One night his prayer is answered
images/img_02897.png	and the offending establishment is suddenly
images/img_02898.png	Following Bruce Marshall's original novel with
images/img_02899.png	considerable fidelity , the film tells the story
images/img_02900.png	But Father Malachias's troubles have only
images/img_02901.png	begun . Instead of having the desired effect ,
images/img_02902.png	table night club near his church be re-
images/img_02903.png	of a little monk who prays that a disrepu-
images/img_02904.png	the miracle becomes exploited by a group
images/img_02905.png	transplanted to an island in the North Sea .
images/img_02906.png	given a gala society reopening on the
images/img_02907.png	crowning indignity the night club is
images/img_02908.png	the missing building . The Church rebukes the
images/img_02909.png	island . Father Malachias goes to the island ,
images/img_02910.png	poor monk for his miracle , and as a
images/img_02911.png	Soon a carnival springs up on the sight of
images/img_02912.png	night club is replaced in its original
images/img_02913.png	setting .
images/img_02914.png	prays , and in a second miracle the
images/img_02915.png	the glaring beacon of a lighthouse .
images/img_02916.png	tells his story best in the faces of his crowds ,
images/img_02917.png	the wildly flapping white sails slashed by
images/img_02918.png	with brutal honesty , building up to a
images/img_02919.png	Here , the guests arrive in ghost-like yachts ,
images/img_02920.png	A summary of the story can give almost
images/img_02921.png	tremendous climax in the island orgy .
images/img_02922.png	recording every wrinkle and drop of sweat
images/img_02923.png	indication of the scope of Wicki's artistry . He
images/img_02924.png	last days of a sick society .
images/img_02925.png	and thoroughly frightening . Wicki has
images/img_02926.png	marvellous joke ; no one has learned anything . Wicki
images/img_02927.png	walking in the streets , smug , content , satisfied ,
images/img_02928.png	recording his personal apocalypse of the
images/img_02929.png	succeeded in his second film in
images/img_02930.png	complete silence he shows the faces of people
images/img_02931.png	When the final miracle does occur , it is accepted as a
images/img_02932.png	suddenly returns to the city for a final epilogue . In
images/img_02933.png	" Dolce Vita , " for it is far more intimate and deeply
images/img_02934.png	It is most unfair to call " Malachias " a cut-rate
images/img_02935.png	Third Reich with the sinking of the great ocean liner ,
images/img_02936.png	in " Titanic " by paralleling the last days of the
images/img_02937.png	felt . In 1944 Herbert Selpin tried a similar feat
images/img_02938.png	and paid for his audacity with his life .
images/img_02939.png	to " Vogue , " " Cahiers du Cinema , " and the
images/img_02940.png	worst aspects of the American cinema . From
images/img_02941.png	out into a series of repetitious sight-gags
images/img_02942.png	the film with extreme coolness , much preferring
images/img_02943.png	Aznavour ) .
images/img_02944.png	est une Femme , " a ninety-one minute hymn
images/img_02945.png	uninitiated ( including four plugs for Charles
images/img_02946.png	and personal jokes incomprehensible to the
images/img_02947.png	Strangely enough , the Berlin audience received
images/img_02948.png	a brilliantly funny start , the work fizzles
images/img_02949.png	Jean-Luc Godard's disappointing " Une Femme
images/img_02950.png	" Unheimliche Geschichten " ( 1920 ) , five ghost stories
images/img_02951.png	This director is at last being re-evaluated and
images/img_02952.png	with a light touch , and there was much to admire
images/img_02953.png	given his proper place in the history of the
images/img_02954.png	Germany to start the First World War .
images/img_02955.png	tries to show that it took more than just
images/img_02956.png	but extremely important " 1914 " ( 1931 ) , which
images/img_02957.png	in " Dreyfus " ( 1930 ) and the virtually unknown
images/img_02958.png	German film . Most charming was his tongue-in-cheek
images/img_02959.png	and the audience at the awards was particularly
images/img_02960.png	film . Gifted with an interesting face , although little
images/img_02961.png	generous in giving everyone something , and silver
images/img_02962.png	worth watching in the months to come .
images/img_02963.png	bears are awarded in every direction . Both the
images/img_02964.png	Sentence Database C02-059
images/img_02965.png	as best actress for her work in the Godard
images/img_02966.png	acting ability , she would seem to be well
images/img_02967.png	enthusiastic when one Miss Anna Kerima was selected
images/img_02968.png	Prizes being what they are , Berlin is unusually
images/img_02969.png	Antonioni and Wicki films took high honours ,
images/img_02970.png	living , that once seemed so new and so
images/img_02971.png	situation and movement it matters a lot ) is
images/img_02972.png	about it , of enormous cinematic enjoyment , and
images/img_02973.png	It has a great look of speed and technical fun
images/img_02974.png	above all of cinematic sense . Much of it has
images/img_02975.png	who spends a few days with an American girl
images/img_02976.png	sense of plot , matters much ; but in the sense of
images/img_02977.png	that air of improvisation , as of off-the-cuff
images/img_02978.png	attractive . The story ( not that the story , in the
images/img_02979.png	that of a man on the run ( Jean-Paul Belmondo ) ,
images/img_02980.png	lated into Seven Days ... Seven Nights ...
images/img_02981.png	in Moderato Cantabile ( curiously trans-
images/img_02982.png	well trounced by the critics wherever it
images/img_02983.png	in France and shown last autumn at
images/img_02984.png	has appeared . Leisurely , even slow ,
images/img_02985.png	A certificate ) , Peter Brook's film made
images/img_02986.png	the London Film Festival . In spite of
images/img_02987.png	from Jeanne Moreau , this has been fairly
images/img_02988.png	Belmondo reappears at the Paris Pullman
images/img_02989.png	magnificent performances from him and
images/img_02990.png	Malden not knowing how to take it ,
images/img_02991.png	all rolling eyeballs like a villain
images/img_02992.png	Donahue ; and Claudette Colbert , still
images/img_02993.png	With a large blond youth of quite
images/img_02994.png	charming amid the nonsense , and Karl
images/img_02995.png	dazzling dumbness called Troy
images/img_02996.png	from East Lynne .
images/img_02997.png	this unity of conception and control are
images/img_02998.png	play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
images/img_02999.png	part-author with Miss Delaney of the script ,
images/img_03000.png	an directed by Mr. Tony Richardson , who is also
images/img_03001.png	and the great advantages to be derived from
images/img_03002.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
images/img_03003.png	Square Theatre tomorrow . It has been produced
images/img_03004.png	everywhere apparent .
images/img_03005.png	to be derived from this unity of conception and control
images/img_03006.png	Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square Theatre
images/img_03007.png	tomorrow . It has been produced and directed by
images/img_03008.png	Mr. Tony Richardson , who is also part-author with
images/img_03009.png	are everywhere apparent .
images/img_03010.png	Miss Delaney of the script , and the great advantages
images/img_03011.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A
images/img_03012.png	apparent .
images/img_03013.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play
images/img_03014.png	A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square
images/img_03015.png	directed by Mr. Tony Richardson , who is also part-
images/img_03016.png	Theatre tomorrow . It has been produced and
images/img_03017.png	unity of conception and control are everywhere
images/img_03018.png	the great advantages to be derived from this
images/img_03019.png	author with Miss Delaney of the script , and
images/img_03020.png	play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
images/img_03021.png	be derived from this unity of conception and
images/img_03022.png	Square Theatre tomorrow . It has been pro-
images/img_03023.png	duced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson ,
images/img_03024.png	of the script , and the great advantages to
images/img_03025.png	who is also part-author with Miss Delaney
images/img_03026.png	control are everywhere apparent .
images/img_03027.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
images/img_03028.png	control are everywhere apparent .
images/img_03029.png	also part-author with Miss Delaney of the
images/img_03030.png	script , and the great advantages to be
images/img_03031.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
images/img_03032.png	derived from this unity of conception and
images/img_03033.png	and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson , who is
images/img_03034.png	Square Theatre tomorrow . It has been produced
images/img_03035.png	play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
images/img_03036.png	Richardson , who is also part-author with
images/img_03037.png	of conception and control are everywhere
images/img_03038.png	play A Taste of Honey opens at the
images/img_03039.png	been produced and directed by Mr. Tony
images/img_03040.png	Miss Delaney of the script , and the great
images/img_03041.png	The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
images/img_03042.png	Leicester Square Theatre tomorrow . It has
images/img_03043.png	advantages to be derived from this unity
images/img_03044.png	apparent .
images/img_03045.png	conceived throughout in terms of the cinema ,
images/img_03046.png	the atmosphere of a city .
images/img_03047.png	of the story , and the marriage of the central
images/img_03048.png	and again and again it is the visual qualities
images/img_03049.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been
images/img_03050.png	also has its premiere tomorrow , the director ,
images/img_03051.png	the film so vividly to life . In Fanny , which
images/img_03052.png	Mr. Joshua Logan , attempted but failed to create
images/img_03053.png	characters to their background , which bring
images/img_03054.png	throughout in terms of the cinema , and again and
images/img_03055.png	the director , Mr. Joshua Logan , attempted but failed
images/img_03056.png	In Fanny , which also has its premiere tomorrow ,
images/img_03057.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been conceived
images/img_03058.png	background , which bring the film so vividly to life .
images/img_03059.png	to create the atmosphere of a city .
images/img_03060.png	again it is the visual qualities of the story , and
images/img_03061.png	the marriage of the central characters to their
images/img_03062.png	Joshua Logan , attempted but failed to
images/img_03063.png	create the atmosphere of a city .
images/img_03064.png	film so vividly to life . In Fanny , which also
images/img_03065.png	ceived throughout in terms of the cinema , and
images/img_03066.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been con-
images/img_03067.png	characters to their background , which bring the
images/img_03068.png	again and again it is the visual qualities of
images/img_03069.png	has its premiere tomorrow , the director , Mr.
images/img_03070.png	the story , and the marriage of the central
images/img_03071.png	story , and the marriage of the central charac-
images/img_03072.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been conceived
images/img_03073.png	throughout in terms of the cinema , and again
images/img_03074.png	film so vividly to life . In Fanny , which
images/img_03075.png	create the atmosphere of a city .
images/img_03076.png	also has its premiere tomorrow , the director ,
images/img_03077.png	ters to their background , which bring the
images/img_03078.png	Mr. Joshua Logan , attempted but failed to
images/img_03079.png	and again it is the visual qualities of the
images/img_03080.png	the film so vividly to life . In Fanny , which
images/img_03081.png	and again and again it is the visual qualities
images/img_03082.png	also has its premiere tomorrow , the director ,
images/img_03083.png	ceived throughout in terms of the cinema ,
images/img_03084.png	create the atmosphere of a city .
images/img_03085.png	of the story , and the marriage of the central
images/img_03086.png	characters to their background , which bring
images/img_03087.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been con-
images/img_03088.png	Mr. Joshua Logan , attempted but failed to
images/img_03089.png	the director , Mr. Joshua Logan , attempted
images/img_03090.png	a city .
images/img_03091.png	Fanny , which also has its premiere tomorrow ,
images/img_03092.png	of the story , and the marriage of the
images/img_03093.png	which bring the film so vividly to life . In
images/img_03094.png	but failed to create the atmosphere of
images/img_03095.png	This is not a filmed play . It has been concei-
images/img_03096.png	ved throughout in terms of the cinema ,
images/img_03097.png	and again and again it is the visual qualities
images/img_03098.png	central characters to their background ,
images/img_03099.png	and wet pavements , the school play-grounds ,
images/img_03100.png	a town in the industrial North of England
images/img_03101.png	the public monuments and the rubbish
images/img_03102.png	in the churchyard , " sacred to the memory of " -
images/img_03103.png	are seen as an integral part of the story .
images/img_03104.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken
images/img_03105.png	strewn canals - even the worn head-stones
images/img_03106.png	and has made it live . The shabby streets
images/img_03107.png	integral part of the story .
images/img_03108.png	" sacred to the memory of " - are seen as an
images/img_03109.png	wet pavements , the school play-grounds , the
images/img_03110.png	public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals -
images/img_03111.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
images/img_03112.png	even the worn head-stones in the churchyard ,
images/img_03113.png	taken a town in the industrial North of England
images/img_03114.png	and has made it live . The shabby streets and
images/img_03115.png	the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn
images/img_03116.png	the story .
images/img_03117.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a
images/img_03118.png	head-stones in the churchyard , " sacred to the
images/img_03119.png	the school play-grounds , the public monuments and
images/img_03120.png	town in the industrial North of England and
images/img_03121.png	memory of " - are seen as an integral part of
images/img_03122.png	has made it live . The shabby streets and wet pavements ,
images/img_03123.png	churchyard , " sacred to the memory of "
images/img_03124.png	canals - even the worn head-stones in the
images/img_03125.png	a town in the industrial North of England
images/img_03126.png	- are seen as an integral part of the
images/img_03127.png	and has made it live . The shabby streets
images/img_03128.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken
images/img_03129.png	story .
images/img_03130.png	and wet pavements , the school play-grounds ,
images/img_03131.png	the public monuments and the rubbish strewn
images/img_03132.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
images/img_03133.png	the rubbish strewn canals - even the
images/img_03134.png	play-grounds , the public monuments and
images/img_03135.png	England and has made it live . The shabby
images/img_03136.png	worn head-stones in the churchyard , " sacred
images/img_03137.png	streets and wet pavements , the school
images/img_03138.png	taken a town in the industrial North of
images/img_03139.png	to the memory of " - are seen as an
images/img_03140.png	integral part of the story .
images/img_03141.png	grounds , the public monuments and the
images/img_03142.png	England and has made it live . The shabby
images/img_03143.png	streets and wet pavements , the school play-
images/img_03144.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
images/img_03145.png	rubbish strewn canals - even the worn
images/img_03146.png	the memory of " - are seen as an integral
images/img_03147.png	taken a town in the industrial North of
images/img_03148.png	head-stones in the churchyard , " sacred to
images/img_03149.png	part of the story .
images/img_03150.png	play-grounds , the public monuments and
images/img_03151.png	head-stones in the churchyard , " sacred to
images/img_03152.png	gral part of the story .
images/img_03153.png	streets and wet pavements , the school
images/img_03154.png	the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn
images/img_03155.png	the memory of " - are seen as an inte-
images/img_03156.png	taken a town in the industrial North of
images/img_03157.png	In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
images/img_03158.png	England and has made it live . The shabby
images/img_03159.png	girl lives in a single dingy room with
images/img_03160.png	surroundings she learns sex is something
images/img_03161.png	first time herself it is incoherently , clumsily ,
images/img_03162.png	but half inquisitively . As is the case in Fanny
images/img_03163.png	intense realism in the situation . A young
images/img_03164.png	to bear his child and sails away .
images/img_03165.png	her slatternly , promiscuous mother . In such
images/img_03166.png	her first lover is a sailor who leaves her
images/img_03167.png	But there is heart in the telling , and an
images/img_03168.png	sordid , and when she experiences it for the
images/img_03169.png	first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear
images/img_03170.png	his child and sails away .
images/img_03171.png	But there is heart in the telling , and an intense
images/img_03172.png	a single dingy room with her slatternly ,
images/img_03173.png	realism in the situation . A young girl lives in
images/img_03174.png	half inquisitively . As is the case in Fanny her
images/img_03175.png	learns sex is something sordid , and when she
images/img_03176.png	promiscuous mother . In such surroundings she
images/img_03177.png	is incoherently , clumsily , but half shyly and
images/img_03178.png	experiences it for the first time herself it
images/img_03179.png	shyly and half inquisitively . As is the case in
images/img_03180.png	herself it is incoherently , clumsily , but half
images/img_03181.png	slatternly , promiscuous mother . In such
images/img_03182.png	But there is heart in the telling , and an
images/img_03183.png	girl lives in a single dingy room with her
images/img_03184.png	Fanny her first lover is a sailor who leaves
images/img_03185.png	intense realism in the situation . A young
images/img_03186.png	and when she experiences it for the first time
images/img_03187.png	her to bear his child and sails away .
images/img_03188.png	surroundings she learns sex is something sordid ,
images/img_03189.png	is the case in Fanny her first lover is a sailor
images/img_03190.png	who leaves her to bear his child and sails
images/img_03191.png	but half shyly and half inquisitively . As
images/img_03192.png	away .
images/img_03193.png	her slatternly , promiscuous mother . In such
images/img_03194.png	But there is heart in the telling , and an
images/img_03195.png	sordid , and when she experiences it for
images/img_03196.png	surroundings she learns sex is something
images/img_03197.png	the first time herself it is incoherently , clumsily ,
images/img_03198.png	girl lives in a single dingy room with
images/img_03199.png	intense realism in the situation . A young
images/img_03200.png	But there is heart in the telling , and an
images/img_03201.png	first lover is a sailor who leaves her to
images/img_03202.png	girl lives in a single dingy room with her
images/img_03203.png	sordid , and when she experiences it for the
images/img_03204.png	slatternly , promiscuous mother . In such
images/img_03205.png	bear his child and sails away .
images/img_03206.png	clumsily , but half shyly and half in-
images/img_03207.png	quisitively . As is the case in Fanny her
images/img_03208.png	first time herself it is incoherently ,
images/img_03209.png	intense realism in the situation . A young
images/img_03210.png	surroundings she learns sex is something
images/img_03211.png	you are looking for someone to love " .
images/img_03212.png	hour of need . He shares her room and gives
images/img_03213.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by
images/img_03214.png	as much as to the expectant mother , who acts
images/img_03215.png	her his forlorn gift of companionship and sym-
images/img_03216.png	strong maternal instinct to the unborn child
images/img_03217.png	pathy - " you need someone to love you while
images/img_03218.png	estranged from women but yet moved by a
images/img_03219.png	an old man . Here it is a young homosexual ,
images/img_03220.png	as a protector and comforter to her in her
images/img_03221.png	man . Here it is a young homosexual , estranged from
images/img_03222.png	of need . He shares her room and gives her his forlorn
images/img_03223.png	someone to love " .
images/img_03224.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an old
images/img_03225.png	who acts as a protector and comforter to her in her hour
images/img_03226.png	women but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct to
images/img_03227.png	gift of companionship and sympathy - " you need
images/img_03228.png	the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother ,
images/img_03229.png	someone to love you while you are looking for
images/img_03230.png	from women but yet moved by a strong maternal
images/img_03231.png	shares her room and gives her his forlorn gift
images/img_03232.png	old man . Here it is a young homosexual , estranged
images/img_03233.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an
images/img_03234.png	someone to love " .
images/img_03235.png	expectant mother , who acts as a protector and
images/img_03236.png	instinct to the unborn child as much as to the
images/img_03237.png	to love you while you are looking for
images/img_03238.png	of companionship and sympathy - " you need someone
images/img_03239.png	comforter to her in her hour of need . He
images/img_03240.png	her his forlorn gift of companionship and
images/img_03241.png	strong maternal instinct to the unborn child
images/img_03242.png	her hour of need . He shares her room and gives
images/img_03243.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by
images/img_03244.png	you are looking for someone to love " .
images/img_03245.png	sympathy - " you need someone to love you while
images/img_03246.png	estranged from women but yet moved by a
images/img_03247.png	as much as to the expectant mother , who
images/img_03248.png	acts as a protector and comforter to her in
images/img_03249.png	an old man . Here it is a young homosexual ,
images/img_03250.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended
images/img_03251.png	by an old man . Here it is a young homo-
images/img_03252.png	who acts as a protector and comforter to
images/img_03253.png	sexual , estranged from women but yet moved
images/img_03254.png	by a strong maternal instinct to the unborn
images/img_03255.png	to love you while you are looking for
images/img_03256.png	child as much as to the expectant mother ,
images/img_03257.png	and gives her his forlorn gift of com-
images/img_03258.png	someone to love " .
images/img_03259.png	panionship and sympathy - " you need someone
images/img_03260.png	her in her hour of need . He shares her room
images/img_03261.png	by an old man . Here it is a young homo-
images/img_03262.png	" you need someone to love you while you
images/img_03263.png	forlorn gift of companionship and sympathy -
images/img_03264.png	and comforter to her in her hour of need .
images/img_03265.png	sexual , estranged from women but yet
images/img_03266.png	moved by a strong maternal instinct to
images/img_03267.png	expectant mother , who acts as a protector
images/img_03268.png	the unborn child as much as to the
images/img_03269.png	He shares her room and gives her his
images/img_03270.png	In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended
images/img_03271.png	a flawed but beautiful enigma , seen but not
images/img_03272.png	technical error in allowing Irene to speak
images/img_03273.png	that of the sergeant , gives a performance of
images/img_03274.png	in our minds about her if she remained
images/img_03275.png	for herself ; we would be altogether clearer
images/img_03276.png	rare intelligence and restrained power .
images/img_03277.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a
images/img_03278.png	few brief scenes effective , and Mr. Dinsdale
images/img_03279.png	Landen , in the longest and most exacting role ,
images/img_03280.png	heard . However , Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her
images/img_03281.png	Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes
images/img_03282.png	herself ; we would be altogether clearer in our
images/img_03283.png	and restrained power .
images/img_03284.png	the longest and most exacting role , that of the
images/img_03285.png	sergeant , gives a performance of rare intelligence
images/img_03286.png	technical error in allowing Irene to speak for
images/img_03287.png	effective , and Mr. Dinsdale Landen , in
images/img_03288.png	beautiful enigma , seen but not heard . However ,
images/img_03289.png	minds about her if she remained a flawed but
images/img_03290.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a
images/img_03291.png	enigma , seen but not heard . However , Miss Pinkie
images/img_03292.png	exacting role , that of the sergeant , gives a performance
images/img_03293.png	error in allowing Irene to speak for herself ;
images/img_03294.png	we would be altogether clearer in our minds
images/img_03295.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a technical
images/img_03296.png	Johnstone makes her few brief scenes effective , and
images/img_03297.png	of rare intelligence and restrained power .
images/img_03298.png	about her if she remained a flawed but beautiful
images/img_03299.png	Mr. Dinsdale Landen , in the longest and most
images/img_03300.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a
images/img_03301.png	a flawed but beautiful enigma , seen but
images/img_03302.png	restrained power .
images/img_03303.png	technical error in allowing Irene to speak
images/img_03304.png	exacting role , that of the sergeant , gives
images/img_03305.png	not heard . However , Miss Pinkie Johnstone
images/img_03306.png	Dinsdale Landen , in the longest and most
images/img_03307.png	a performance of rare intelligence and
images/img_03308.png	in our minds about her if she remained
images/img_03309.png	for herself ; we would be altogether clearer
images/img_03310.png	makes her few brief scenes effective , and Mr.
images/img_03311.png	exacting role , that of the sergeant , gives a perfor-
images/img_03312.png	in our minds about her if she remained
images/img_03313.png	for herself ; we would be altogether clearer
images/img_03314.png	makes her few brief scenes effective , and
images/img_03315.png	Mr. Dinsdale Landen , in the longest and most
images/img_03316.png	a flawed but beautiful enigma , seen but
images/img_03317.png	power .
images/img_03318.png	mance of rare intelligence and restrained
images/img_03319.png	not heard . However , Miss Pinkie Johnstone
images/img_03320.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a
images/img_03321.png	technical error in allowing Irene to speak
images/img_03322.png	Arguably , the dramatist has committed a
images/img_03323.png	flawed but beautiful enigma , seen but not
images/img_03324.png	makes her few brief scenes effective , and
images/img_03325.png	Mr. Dinsdale Landen , in the longest and most
images/img_03326.png	exacting role , that of the sergeant , gives a
images/img_03327.png	for herself ; we would be altogether clearer
images/img_03328.png	in our minds about her if she remained a
images/img_03329.png	performance of rare intelligence and restrained
images/img_03330.png	heard . However , Miss Pinkie Johnstone
images/img_03331.png	technical error in allowing Irene to speak
images/img_03332.png	power of unbridled ambition .
images/img_03333.png	on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive
images/img_03334.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
images/img_03335.png	effective , giving full value to the formal elements
images/img_03336.png	them . Last night's play in the " Play of the
images/img_03337.png	Week " series on independent television , Then
images/img_03338.png	of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
images/img_03339.png	We Fall , by Mr. Paul Ferris , was a morality
images/img_03340.png	them . Last night's play in the " Play of the
images/img_03341.png	of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
images/img_03342.png	Week " series on independent television , Then
images/img_03343.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
images/img_03344.png	effective , giving full value to the formal elements
images/img_03345.png	on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive
images/img_03346.png	We Fall , by Mr. Paul Ferris , was a morality
images/img_03347.png	power of unbridled ambition .
images/img_03348.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective ,
images/img_03349.png	giving full value to the formal elements of Betti's
images/img_03350.png	was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of
images/img_03351.png	the destructive power of unbridled ambition .
images/img_03352.png	writing without over-emphasizing them . Last night's
images/img_03353.png	dent television , Then We Fall , by Mr. Paul Ferris ,
images/img_03354.png	play in the " Play of the Week " series on indepen-
images/img_03355.png	" Play of the Week " series on independent
images/img_03356.png	ris , was a morality on the not unfamiliar
images/img_03357.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
images/img_03358.png	ambition .
images/img_03359.png	emphasizing them . Last night's play in the
images/img_03360.png	television , Then We Fall , by Mr. Paul Fer-
images/img_03361.png	elements of Betti's writing without over-
images/img_03362.png	effective , giving full value to the formal
images/img_03363.png	theme of the destructive power of unbridled
images/img_03364.png	them . Last night's play in the " Play of the
images/img_03365.png	Week " series on independent television , Then We
images/img_03366.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
images/img_03367.png	the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive
images/img_03368.png	effective , giving full value to the formal elements
images/img_03369.png	Fall , by Mr. Paul Ferris , was a morality on
images/img_03370.png	power of unbridled ambition .
images/img_03371.png	of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
images/img_03372.png	formal elements of Betti's writing without
images/img_03373.png	Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is
images/img_03374.png	quietly effective , giving full value to the
images/img_03375.png	of unbridled ambition .
images/img_03376.png	unfamiliar theme of the destructive power
images/img_03377.png	independent television , Then We Fall , by
images/img_03378.png	Mr. Paul Ferris , was a morality on the not
images/img_03379.png	in the " Play of the Week " series on
images/img_03380.png	over-emphasizing them . Last night's play
images/img_03381.png	treatments of its subject by attempting to
images/img_03382.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond most
images/img_03383.png	generate a melodramatic inevitability which
images/img_03384.png	way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated his
images/img_03385.png	characters .
images/img_03386.png	left its central character and the world
images/img_03387.png	around him in complete , unredeemable desolation .
images/img_03388.png	succeeded if we had a little more faith in the
images/img_03389.png	We could , perhaps , say whether or not the attempt
images/img_03390.png	way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated
images/img_03391.png	around him in complete , unredeemable desolation .
images/img_03392.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond most
images/img_03393.png	his characters .
images/img_03394.png	We could , perhaps , say whether or not the attempt
images/img_03395.png	generate a melodramatic inevitability which
images/img_03396.png	treatments of its subject by attempting to
images/img_03397.png	succeeded if we had a little more faith in the
images/img_03398.png	left its central character and the world
images/img_03399.png	Ferris manipulated his characters .
images/img_03400.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond most treatments
images/img_03401.png	dramatic inevitability which left its central character
images/img_03402.png	mable desolation . We could , perhaps , say whether
images/img_03403.png	little more faith in the way in which Mr.
images/img_03404.png	and the world around him in complete , unredee-
images/img_03405.png	of its subject by attempting to generate a melo-
images/img_03406.png	or not the attempt succeeded if we had a
images/img_03407.png	unredeemable desolation . We could , perhaps ,
images/img_03408.png	of we had a little more faith in the
images/img_03409.png	inevitability which left its central character
images/img_03410.png	most treatments of its subject by
images/img_03411.png	his characters .
images/img_03412.png	way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated
images/img_03413.png	attempting to generate a melodramatic
images/img_03414.png	say whether or not the attempt succeeded
images/img_03415.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond
images/img_03416.png	and the world around him in complete ,
images/img_03417.png	treatments of its subject by attempting to
images/img_03418.png	solation . We could , perhaps , say whether or not
images/img_03419.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond most
images/img_03420.png	pulated his characters .
images/img_03421.png	faith in the way in which Mr. Ferris mani-
images/img_03422.png	the attempt succeeded if we had a little more
images/img_03423.png	around him in complete , unredeemable de-
images/img_03424.png	generate a melodramatic inevitability
images/img_03425.png	which left its central character and the world
images/img_03426.png	world around him in complete , unredeemable
images/img_03427.png	which left its central character and the
images/img_03428.png	to generate a melodramatic inevitability
images/img_03429.png	little more faith in the way in which Mr.
images/img_03430.png	or not the attempt succeeded if we had a
images/img_03431.png	desolation . We could , perhaps , say whether
images/img_03432.png	Ferris manipulated his characters .
images/img_03433.png	most treatments of its subject by attempting
images/img_03434.png	It went , perhaps , some distance beyond
images/img_03435.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always insensi-
images/img_03436.png	suitably gaudy colour .
images/img_03437.png	the editor , always comically abashed by the
images/img_03438.png	always palely appealing , Mr. James Maxwell ,
images/img_03439.png	but played with proper efficiency and , in
images/img_03440.png	tively pushing , Miss Sheila Allen his wife ,
images/img_03441.png	not asked to modulate from their set moods
images/img_03442.png	the case of Mr. Richards , with lavish and
images/img_03443.png	law , always comically grotesque ; they were
images/img_03444.png	events , and Mr. Aubrey Richards , the father-in-
images/img_03445.png	colour .
images/img_03446.png	the editor , always comically abashed by the
images/img_03447.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always
images/img_03448.png	events , and Mr. Aubrey Richards , the father-in-law ,
images/img_03449.png	to modulate from their set moods but played
images/img_03450.png	always comically grotesque ; they were not asked
images/img_03451.png	wife , always palely appealing , Mr. James Maxwell ,
images/img_03452.png	Richards , with lavish and suitably gaudy
images/img_03453.png	insensitively pushing , Miss Sheila Allen his
images/img_03454.png	with proper efficiency and , in the case of Mr.
images/img_03455.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always insensitively
images/img_03456.png	Richards , the father-in-law , always comically
images/img_03457.png	appealing , Mr. James Maxwell , the editor , always
images/img_03458.png	ciency and , in the case of Mr. Richards , with
images/img_03459.png	their set moods but played with proper effi-
images/img_03460.png	pushing , Miss Sheila Allen his wife , always palely
images/img_03461.png	grotesque ; they were not asked to modulate from
images/img_03462.png	comically abashed by the events , and Mr. Aubrey
images/img_03463.png	lavish and suitably gaudy colour .
images/img_03464.png	his wife , always palely appealing , Mr.
images/img_03465.png	James Maxwell , the editor , always comi-
images/img_03466.png	and suitably gaudy colour .
images/img_03467.png	asked to modulate from their set moods
images/img_03468.png	Aubrey Richards , the father-in-law , always
images/img_03469.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always
images/img_03470.png	cally abashed by the events , and Mr.
images/img_03471.png	but played with proper efficiency and ,
images/img_03472.png	in the case of Mr. Richards , with lavish
images/img_03473.png	comically grotesque ; they were not
images/img_03474.png	insensitively pushing , Miss Sheila Allen
images/img_03475.png	the events , and Mr. Aubrey Richards , the
images/img_03476.png	efficiency and , in the case of Mr. Richards ,
images/img_03477.png	with lavish and suitably gaudy colour .
images/img_03478.png	the editor , always comically abashed by
images/img_03479.png	always palely appealing , Mr. James Maxwell ,
images/img_03480.png	sitively pushing , Miss Sheila Allen his wife ,
images/img_03481.png	they were not asked to modulate from
images/img_03482.png	father-in-law , always comically grotesque ;
images/img_03483.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always insen-
images/img_03484.png	their set moods but played with proper
images/img_03485.png	tively pushing , Miss Sheila Allen his wife ,
images/img_03486.png	their set moods but played with proper
images/img_03487.png	father-in-law , always comically grotesque ;
images/img_03488.png	they were not asked to modulate from
images/img_03489.png	Mr. William Lucas ( Morris ) is always insensi-
images/img_03490.png	with lavish and suitably gaudy colour .
images/img_03491.png	the events , and Mr. Aubrey Richards , the
images/img_03492.png	efficiency and , in the case of Mr. Richards ,
images/img_03493.png	always palely appealing , Mr. James Maxwell ,
images/img_03494.png	the editor , always comically abashed by
images/img_03495.png	one feels , were driven to effective action by
images/img_03496.png	tradition .
images/img_03497.png	act oddly like the queer foreigners of
images/img_03498.png	with which he had endowed them . One
images/img_03499.png	that , because of their odd accents , they
images/img_03500.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose
images/img_03501.png	explicably from appreciable motives . The rest ,
images/img_03502.png	hopes that he is not asking us to believe
images/img_03503.png	the author in spite of the ineffectuality
images/img_03504.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose
images/img_03505.png	like the queer foreigners of tradition .
images/img_03506.png	that he is not asking us to believe that ,
images/img_03507.png	by the author in spite of the ineffectuality
images/img_03508.png	with which he had endowed them . One hopes
images/img_03509.png	because of their odd accents , they act oddly
images/img_03510.png	rest , one feels , were driven to effective action
images/img_03511.png	explicably from appreciable motives . The
images/img_03512.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose explicably
images/img_03513.png	accents , they act oddly like the queer foreigners
images/img_03514.png	from appreciable motives . The rest , one feels , were
images/img_03515.png	endowed them . One hopes that he is not
images/img_03516.png	of tradition .
images/img_03517.png	asking us to believe that , because of their odd
images/img_03518.png	driven to effective action by the author in spite
images/img_03519.png	of the ineffectuality with which he had
images/img_03520.png	them . One hopes that he is not asking
images/img_03521.png	rest , one feels , were driven to effective
images/img_03522.png	ineffectuality with which he had endowed
images/img_03523.png	foreigners of tradition .
images/img_03524.png	accents , they act oddly like the queer
images/img_03525.png	action by the author in spite of the
images/img_03526.png	explicably from appreciable motives . The
images/img_03527.png	us to believe that , because of their odd
images/img_03528.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose
images/img_03529.png	is not asking us to believe that , because of
images/img_03530.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose
images/img_03531.png	queer foreigners of tradition .
images/img_03532.png	the author in spite of the ineffectuality with
images/img_03533.png	explicably from appreciable motives . The
images/img_03534.png	their odd accents , they act oddly like the
images/img_03535.png	which he had endowed them . One hopes that he
images/img_03536.png	rest , one feels , were driven to effective action by
images/img_03537.png	them . One hopes that he is not asking us
images/img_03538.png	action by the author in spite of the
images/img_03539.png	Only Mr. Lucas's actions , therefore , arose
images/img_03540.png	accents , they act oddly like the queer
images/img_03541.png	rest , one feels , were driven to effective
images/img_03542.png	foreigners of tradition .
images/img_03543.png	explicably from appreciable motives . The
images/img_03544.png	to believe that , because of their odd
images/img_03545.png	ineffectuality with which he had endowed
images/img_03546.png	Vaughan will burst on to the London Palladium stage
images/img_03547.png	and leave the rest to him . "
images/img_03548.png	in a new show . To paraphrase his well-known ditty :
images/img_03549.png	" He 'll have the limelight , they 'll give him the girls -
images/img_03550.png	NEXT month that friendly , effervescent performer Frankie
images/img_03551.png	career that Anna Neagle and Herbert Wilcox were not
images/img_03552.png	carrot was dangled before his nose .
images/img_03553.png	old , star-studded West End than he will ever feel in
images/img_03554.png	I have a hunch that he will feel more at home in the
images/img_03555.png	Hollywood . His American bosses , 20th-Century Fox , have
images/img_03556.png	recently given Frankie the full , razzamataz , red-carpet
images/img_03557.png	treatment . But they haven't done a thing for his film
images/img_03558.png	doing better here , before the platinum-plated Hollywood
images/img_03559.png	business . He plays an aspiring actor - a
images/img_03560.png	In his first Hollywood picture , " Let 's Make Love , " he
images/img_03561.png	a cardboard role , didn't stand a chance . Now comes
images/img_03562.png	selfish , arrogant , brash , ambitious , unscrupulous heel -
images/img_03563.png	the Hollywood ratrace .
images/img_03564.png	" The Right Approach " ( Rialto , " A " ) , and it 's a glum
images/img_03565.png	was swamped by the know-how of Marilyn Monroe
images/img_03566.png	who would tread on anybody's neck to get a break in
images/img_03567.png	and Yves Montand . Against this couple Frankie , in
images/img_03568.png	best moments are when he swings breezily into the
images/img_03569.png	true as a smooth-tongued , ill-mannered Yank . His
images/img_03570.png	cheats a waitress ( Juliet Prowse ) and cynically uses
images/img_03571.png	title song .
images/img_03572.png	a magazine editress ( Martha Hyer ) to get ahead .
images/img_03573.png	He double-crosses the five pals with whom he lives ,
images/img_03574.png	Frankie Vaughan is too nice a chap to ring quite
images/img_03575.png	Hollywood arena .
images/img_03576.png	RONALD Lewis has just left for his first taste of the
images/img_03577.png	think hard and long before his next jump into the
images/img_03578.png	Hollywood treatment , thanks to a sound performance in
images/img_03579.png	But 6,000 miles seems a heck of a way to go
images/img_03580.png	for a new hit song . He might be well advised to
images/img_03581.png	" Taste of Fear " ( Warner Theatre , " X " ) .
images/img_03582.png	VERDICT : Vaughan should have by-passed this approach .
images/img_03583.png	variation on that sinister yarn in which half the cast
images/img_03584.png	try to persuade the heroine that she is out of her mind .
images/img_03585.png	damsel in distress .
images/img_03586.png	He has earned his break . The film is a well-made
images/img_03587.png	built up neatly . Susan Strasberg is the crippled
images/img_03588.png	Despite flagrant cheating the eerie atmosphere is
images/img_03589.png	comedy . He does his rescue act in " Double Bunk "
images/img_03590.png	herrings in this " Find-the-body " thriller . VERDICT :
images/img_03591.png	NOT for the first time the homely mug of Sidney
images/img_03592.png	Don't believe all you see and hear !
images/img_03593.png	also effectively around . They provide some chilly red
images/img_03594.png	Stepmother Ann Todd and doctor Christopher Lee are
images/img_03595.png	James has pumped life into a slim , strained
images/img_03596.png	( Leicester-square Theatre , " A " ) .
images/img_03597.png	a near-disastrous leak . Familiar members of Britain's
images/img_03598.png	the river . The film starts off brightly enough but ,
images/img_03599.png	Navigator Sid is a tower of strength when
images/img_03600.png	loose their ancient houseboat on a honeymoon trip down
images/img_03601.png	equally familiar hoops to mild laughter .
images/img_03602.png	newly-weds Ian Carmichael and Janette Scott let
images/img_03603.png	repertory team of comedy character-actors jump through
images/img_03604.png	half-way through , the plot ( as well as the boat ) springs
images/img_03605.png	scheming jewel thief in a play by Jacques
images/img_03606.png	Gillies , " The Takers . " A polished production
images/img_03607.png	" Drama '61 " last night as a smooth ,
images/img_03608.png	by Mr. Houston's accomplished
images/img_03609.png	DONALD HOUSTON had a big success on A T V's
images/img_03610.png	by Quentin Lawrence , here , held together
images/img_03611.png	gang of crooks .
images/img_03612.png	performance as the master mind behind a
images/img_03613.png	VERDICT : The " bunk " needed doubling .
images/img_03614.png	Holloway's act too long and not particularly
images/img_03615.png	so soon after their previous appearance .
images/img_03616.png	Earlier , on the Palladium show I found Stanley
images/img_03617.png	worth of jewellery struck me as ingenious . The play
images/img_03618.png	had style , moved at a quick pace and everyone did
images/img_03619.png	entertaining . It was also a mistake to
images/img_03620.png	well . But it was Mr. Houston's evening .
images/img_03621.png	re-book Gene Detroy and his performing chimpanzees
images/img_03622.png	This plot to rob a French millionaire of 300,000
images/img_03623.png	form . Why only two numbers , though ? It
images/img_03624.png	a rabbit warren in a field of corn .
images/img_03625.png	Whitehall farce last night , looked like
images/img_03626.png	or so ago . But the Mudlarks , with Jeff Mudd
images/img_03627.png	Their offering last night differed little
images/img_03628.png	from their earlier act on this show a week
images/img_03629.png	was not enough . " A FAIR COP , " the B B C
images/img_03630.png	and brother Fred , were in bright , zestful
images/img_03631.png	out of the Army and back with sister Mary
images/img_03632.png	of his trousers . The action moved at tremendous
images/img_03633.png	the cast . I especially liked the tea-cup
images/img_03634.png	speed , backed by some wonderful timing by
images/img_03635.png	lot - this time Brian Rix lost his skirt instead
images/img_03636.png	The jokes were a reshuffle of the same old
images/img_03637.png	scene where six of the cast changed
images/img_03638.png	I can't recall a production where so many
images/img_03639.png	comics bolted in and out of holes so often .
images/img_03640.png	cups with the dexterity of Chinese jugglers .
images/img_03641.png	humour needed a thorough shaking up the Whitehall
images/img_03642.png	through the gormless standing corn around them . Perhaps
images/img_03643.png	it was accidental - I hope not . If ever a bag of
images/img_03644.png	alone used a sharp edge to their humour and cut
images/img_03645.png	farce is it when it comes to television .
images/img_03646.png	Carole Shelley as the newly-wed and Larry Noble
images/img_03647.png	as Smiler Perkins were the most laughable . They
images/img_03648.png	record , anyway .
images/img_03649.png	HOW do you get on records ? Well , you 've got
images/img_03650.png	All the good singers sing in tune . Twang a guitar
images/img_03651.png	don't like things as they should be - not on
images/img_03652.png	an OLD 2pianna instead of a new one . You got to
images/img_03653.png	right way - so the best-seller charts say . Play
images/img_03654.png	slightly off key . Everybody 's fed up with the
images/img_03655.png	get it into your head , son ... people
images/img_03656.png	to have something different . Sing slightly flat .
images/img_03657.png	enough tacks and he got only the middle hammers done .
images/img_03658.png	disc solo pianist were greatly enhanced when he dug out
images/img_03659.png	A PACKET OF DRAWING-PINS . " Why not , " thought ex-soldier
images/img_03660.png	Mr. Lisbon , who is twenty-three , and lives in Dagenham , Essex ,
images/img_03661.png	the piano strings ? " He did , on his piano at home . There weren't
images/img_03662.png	" press a thumb-tack into the nose of the hammers that strike
images/img_03663.png	Thus , musician David Lisbon's chances of being a starred
images/img_03664.png	miles to London for his first session .
images/img_03665.png	Then he tried it out for sound . Um-chink ...
images/img_03666.png	tape went to the Philips company . Within two
images/img_03667.png	um-chink ... it went . Slightly flat and jangly in
images/img_03668.png	hauled his thumb-tacked joanna the thirteen
images/img_03669.png	days Mr. Lisbon had a record contract . And they
images/img_03670.png	part . DELIGHTFUL ! He put the sound on tape . The
images/img_03671.png	different ... . " More news from the ivory-thumping dept. ...
images/img_03672.png	Mr. Lisbon has it taped . And tacked . And he says : " Just as well
images/img_03673.png	Now along comes his solo disc , featuring two of his own
images/img_03674.png	I had only one box of tacks - it might have been so
images/img_03675.png	Poppets " ( Columbia ) .
images/img_03676.png	comes in with another of his own works : " Parade of the
images/img_03677.png	Russ Conway , who has tinkled his way to fame on an old 2pianna ,
images/img_03678.png	compositions , " Deerstalker " and " Almost Grown Up . " VERDICT :
images/img_03679.png	" On the Rebound " ( RCA ) .
images/img_03680.png	But not one of his nimble-fingered best . GERMANY'S Russ
images/img_03681.png	at a piece called " Piccadilly " ( Polydor ) . I find it cute .
images/img_03682.png	Now or Never , " looks like having a success on his own with
images/img_03683.png	American pianist Floyd Cramer , who played for Elvis on " It 's
images/img_03684.png	Conway is a pianist who calls himself CRAZY OTTO . But
images/img_03685.png	nothing crazy about his pianistics . He pounds merrily away
images/img_03686.png	And such is Hal's faith that he brings him to
images/img_03687.png	NEW boy on the vocal front is
images/img_03688.png	Europe . Now Rolly gets his big break - a
images/img_03689.png	record , the modern Aladdin's lamp of
images/img_03690.png	show business .
images/img_03691.png	Monty saw him in Bombay , became his manager .
images/img_03692.png	Rolly Daniels , who comes 5,000 miles
images/img_03693.png	from India to seek disc fame . Comedian Hal
images/img_03694.png	tuneful melody sung impeccably by Robert Earl ( Philips ) . PRODUCER
images/img_03695.png	directed " Six-Five Special , " Turner is aiming to go into free-lance
images/img_03696.png	Charles obliged with " April Serenade . " This week it appears , a
images/img_03697.png	Russell Turner , 33 , provides his last programme for the B B C tonight
images/img_03698.png	" Let 's have another song with a month in it , " said Tolch . Mr.
images/img_03699.png	T V , film and stage production work .
images/img_03700.png	with Robert Harbin's " Mystery and Magic " ( 7.30 ) . After six years
images/img_03701.png	with the Corporation , during which he started " Juke Box Jury " and
images/img_03702.png	Harry Carroll from Leicester ( B B C , 8.25 ) . A
images/img_03703.png	Hughes in his " Make Mine Music " ( B B C , 9.30 p.m. ) .
images/img_03704.png	" I feel I 've done all I can at the B B C , " he
images/img_03705.png	SONGS-OF-BRITAIN medley is sung by David
images/img_03706.png	show tonight . Boxing fans can see an eight-round
images/img_03707.png	feather-weight contest between Chris Elliot and
images/img_03708.png	told me . " We mutually agreed to part . "
images/img_03709.png	Escapologist Dill-Russell is a guest in Harbin's
images/img_03710.png	are tranquilly sunny and still , for the town
images/img_03711.png	a house in Anglesey-road is a congregation who
images/img_03712.png	is at Mass . Most of it . In the front room of
images/img_03713.png	and a brandy bottle .
images/img_03714.png	never actually got to church , but who are
images/img_03715.png	gathered with devotion around Brendan Behan
images/img_03716.png	IT is mid-morning on a Dublin Sunday . The streets
images/img_03717.png	hard-core Friends of Brendan . They listen
images/img_03718.png	roller-coaster , with occasional stops for an old
images/img_03719.png	brandy owner's solo swish on his anecdotal
images/img_03720.png	amber inches in the bottle . Present are some
images/img_03721.png	the empties ; through the door hearts are
images/img_03722.png	full , hopes are high . There are still a few
images/img_03723.png	Where the 2bhoys are . In the hallway are
images/img_03724.png	I.R.A. air or a Connemara tear-jerker .
images/img_03725.png	with many an obliging guffaw to the
images/img_03726.png	place himself in the literary hierarchy .
images/img_03727.png	above Nancy Mitford artistically , a
images/img_03728.png	" But , " he continues , " the greatest is
images/img_03729.png	" I consider myself , " he says , " a cut
images/img_03730.png	Shelagh Delaney . Just because A Taste
images/img_03731.png	At last Brendan - to the journalist's
images/img_03732.png	above Evelyn Waugh socially , a cut
images/img_03733.png	the writing scene . He proceeds to
images/img_03734.png	relief - turns his attention to
images/img_03735.png	cut above Frank Haxell conversationally .
images/img_03736.png	unless I 'm exceedingly 2skint . " But I 'll
images/img_03737.png	Royce a type of transport . She 's the
images/img_03738.png	than educate . And I don't write at all
images/img_03739.png	say this . I 'd like to live in America
images/img_03740.png	and do some writing there .
images/img_03741.png	That 's as bloody silly as calling a Rolls-
images/img_03742.png	flower in a cultural desert . " Now , me - I 'm
images/img_03743.png	a journalist , I write to entertain rather
images/img_03744.png	the advantage that no one knows what
images/img_03745.png	I was there , in even faster orbit , when that
images/img_03746.png	Seventh Avenue , The Pigsty , always open .
images/img_03747.png	you 're writing about anyway . " Not that I did
images/img_03748.png	not with that great little Irish bar on
images/img_03749.png	much when I was over this past two times ,
images/img_03750.png	third astronaut went up - what 's his name ?
images/img_03751.png	It 's a very free place to write in , and there 's
images/img_03752.png	I 'm the only man on earth who doesn't know
images/img_03753.png	the two biggest bores since Cardinal Newman .
images/img_03754.png	on into reminiscences of his trips . There is
images/img_03755.png	what his name is . Don't tell me . I want to
images/img_03756.png	preserve that distinction . " I already know about
images/img_03757.png	Shepard and that Salvation Army chap Gagarin -
images/img_03758.png	much to recall .
images/img_03759.png	That 's enough of all that hooey . " HE plunges
images/img_03760.png	Canadians put up a mouse . "
images/img_03761.png	will put a postage stamp into orbit before you
images/img_03762.png	York's St. Patrick's Day parade as a " disorderly
images/img_03763.png	Among other incidents he was banned from New
images/img_03764.png	" Ireland will put a shillelagh into orbit , Israel
images/img_03765.png	will put a matzo ball into orbit , and Lichtenstein
images/img_03766.png	Canadian , during a chat about space-flight :
images/img_03767.png	person . " He was in a fight after telling a
images/img_03768.png	And he suffered an alcoholic
images/img_03769.png	seizure and was gravely ill in
images/img_03770.png	heard of often in the newspapers -
images/img_03771.png	condition . His return to Dublin was
images/img_03772.png	three times up before the beaks for
images/img_03773.png	alcoholic . " Since then he has been
images/img_03774.png	heralded by the announcement that
images/img_03775.png	hospital with a diabetic and heart
images/img_03776.png	he was " off the gargle - a retired
images/img_03777.png	drunk and disorderly conduct .
images/img_03778.png	Stratford , last spring ? It was never finished .
images/img_03779.png	and The Hostage was put on . What has happened to
images/img_03780.png	five years since his first play , The Quare Fellow , was
images/img_03781.png	LESS has been heard of Brendan's work . It is now
images/img_03782.png	the play , Richard's Cork Leg , begun 18 months ago
images/img_03783.png	produced , three years since Borstal Boy was published
images/img_03784.png	and due for presentation at the Theatre Royal ,
images/img_03785.png	I have before me now a 12,000-word manuscript of
images/img_03786.png	begins : " There was a party to celebrate Deirdre's
images/img_03787.png	return from her abortion in Bristol . "
images/img_03788.png	by his publishers in March of last year ? Still a skeleton . Yet
images/img_03789.png	What happened to the new book partially tape-recorded
images/img_03790.png	a book planned to be called Confessions of an Irish
images/img_03791.png	Rebel which was delivered to his agents in June . IT
images/img_03792.png	round for the pals , one of whom cries :
images/img_03793.png	It is ribald , funny , brilliantly observant
images/img_03794.png	10 note on to the bar and orders a
images/img_03795.png	end ? The last scene of this fragment
images/img_03796.png	of draught porter . But will we see its
images/img_03797.png	of character , and authentic as a glass
images/img_03798.png	is in a pub where the author throws a
images/img_03799.png	thing this week I have never before witnessed ,
images/img_03800.png	I AM happy to report that I saw some-
images/img_03801.png	either in pictures or outside - a budgerigar
images/img_03802.png	perfect timing and technique . It gives one loud ,
images/img_03803.png	is either using a stand-in for the stunt
images/img_03804.png	clear hiccup and falls flat on its back . This
images/img_03805.png	Leicester-square ) , which suggests that it
images/img_03806.png	in the cast list of Come September ( Odeon ,
images/img_03807.png	brilliant budge , I may add , gets no credit
images/img_03808.png	playing a drunk scene , and playing it with
images/img_03809.png	The performance of our talented
images/img_03810.png	good thing ( although the one original
images/img_03811.png	the Dolce Vista for the picture ) in
images/img_03812.png	styled , European set . Most of it has
images/img_03813.png	than-average glossy comedy , Hollywood-
images/img_03814.png	been shot in and around the
images/img_03815.png	Portofino - and if there 's a better view
images/img_03816.png	touch ) in the film , which is better-
images/img_03817.png	feathered friend is not the only
images/img_03818.png	sun-terrace of the Hotel Splendido ( renamed
images/img_03819.png	been joined by a Jeep-load of boys .
images/img_03820.png	themselves playing chaperon ( Brenda de Banzie , the official
images/img_03821.png	Inevitably there comes the time when Mr. Hudson suddenly breaks
images/img_03822.png	#
images/img_03823.png	escorted tour . Result : Mr. Hudson and lady love Lollo find
images/img_03824.png	inevitably , the place is full of American teenagers on an
images/img_03825.png	with tradition and arrives there in July , when , just as
images/img_03826.png	one , has broken a leg ) to the girls , who have just
images/img_03827.png	in places and has a line or two of painful home truths
images/img_03828.png	Gina , walking out on the man who has so far
images/img_03829.png	thrown in . " I don't want to talk like an adult , " screams
images/img_03830.png	It 's hereabouts that the budge takes to the bottle , but I
images/img_03831.png	don't think it was through boredom . The film is funny enough
images/img_03832.png	failed to make an honest woman of her .
images/img_03833.png	Hudson can take one more hill than the
images/img_03834.png	the chief spokesman of the jeans-and-
images/img_03835.png	" He 's got to be 35 , " says Bobby Darin ,
images/img_03836.png	get rid of old man , solid Rock . " How
images/img_03837.png	Jeep brigadiers as they 're scheming to
images/img_03838.png	many hills can he take ? " Of course Mr.
images/img_03839.png	youngsters .
images/img_03840.png	" That 's how I got into all this trouble . "
images/img_03841.png	" good girl " parts ( Tuesday Weld gets the " bad girl "
images/img_03842.png	middle-aged romancers respectably wed and
images/img_03843.png	turning up as the typical teenager in all the
images/img_03844.png	Sandra Dee ( to whom , I believe , he is married
images/img_03845.png	Master Darin going steady with the delectable
images/img_03846.png	So all ends as you know it will , with the
images/img_03847.png	in real life ) . Miss Dee , incidentally , who keeps
images/img_03848.png	ones ) , is becoming quite an accomplished actress .
images/img_03849.png	certificate have to keep a sharp
images/img_03850.png	but fun-films toting an X
images/img_03851.png	slapstick . This has only one gag -
images/img_03852.png	about with an X ? ) are of the witty ,
images/img_03853.png	verbal variety and not the visual
images/img_03854.png	THE Marriage-Go-Round ( Carlton )
images/img_03855.png	that of the entry of a gladiator
images/img_03856.png	sex ( what else would they joke
images/img_03857.png	look-out that the jokes about
images/img_03858.png	is also a comedy of manners ,
images/img_03859.png	ture of Julie Newmar for con-
images/img_03860.png	is an academic friend of her
images/img_03861.png	The girl is a knock-out ( see pic-
images/img_03862.png	mission in mind . She , " younger ,
images/img_03863.png	intelligent " than the wife ( as she
images/img_03864.png	soon tells her ) , wants to have the
images/img_03865.png	Nobel prize-winning father to be
images/img_03866.png	firmation ) . She also has quite a
images/img_03867.png	perfect baby . And she has chosen
images/img_03868.png	the husband ( James Mason ) , who
images/img_03869.png	prettier , stronger , and more
images/img_03870.png	time . I learned from it that in the Institutes of Advanced
images/img_03871.png	Home-making and is now known as Domestic
images/img_03872.png	The Marriage-Go-Round is not entirely a waste of
images/img_03873.png	Relations .
images/img_03874.png	Studies attached to some American universities
images/img_03875.png	slightly sardonic handling . It doesn't get it . But
images/img_03876.png	the subject Social Psychology used to be called
images/img_03877.png	This sort of situation calls for some subtle ,
images/img_03878.png	and sweetly . Mason is always good for
images/img_03879.png	Michelangelo Antonioni .
images/img_03880.png	Susan Hayward plays the wife sharply
images/img_03881.png	stunner in every sense of the word .
images/img_03882.png	is an earlier essay in atmospheric
images/img_03883.png	her school . So help me so was I .
images/img_03884.png	captain of the junior hockey team at
images/img_03885.png	According to the script she was once
images/img_03886.png	IL GRIDO ( The Cry ) - Paris Pullman -
images/img_03887.png	a glower . And Miss Newmar is a
images/img_03888.png	meandering by the L'Avventura man ,
images/img_03889.png	ON a March evening in 1932 in the New
images/img_03890.png	tiptoed into the baby's room to see that
images/img_03891.png	20-month-old Charles Jun. was sleeping .
images/img_03892.png	emptiness . A FEW minutes later the father
images/img_03893.png	gripping a loaded rifle , told his wife :
images/img_03894.png	Bending over the cot , she suddenly realised
images/img_03895.png	She thrust out her hand - and felt
images/img_03896.png	Jersey family household the nursemaid
images/img_03897.png	that there was no sound of breathing .
images/img_03898.png	floundered on to the electrocution
images/img_03899.png	of the case itself , which
images/img_03900.png	Bruno Richard Hauptmann , but
images/img_03901.png	era .
images/img_03902.png	and sensation-hunger of that
images/img_03903.png	four years later of a German-
images/img_03904.png	style all the more tellingly
images/img_03905.png	The plain , sober manner of its
images/img_03906.png	born Bronx carpenter named
images/img_03907.png	to the raree-show emotionalism
images/img_03908.png	points up not only the horror
images/img_03909.png	possess a heritage of lace . A lace
images/img_03910.png	these are proud possessions , linked to the
images/img_03911.png	robe that each generation wears in turn -
images/img_03912.png	Lucky indeed are the families that
images/img_03913.png	to daughters , a lace-trimmed Christening
images/img_03914.png	bridal veil handed down from mother
images/img_03915.png	exquisite lace-making of the past .
images/img_03916.png	lapse in good taste to destroy this lovely ,
images/img_03917.png	over-furnishing of the Victorian age
images/img_03918.png	lamentably low standards in the fussy
images/img_03919.png	ustrations in the following pages will show
images/img_03920.png	But lace-making is by no means a lost
images/img_03921.png	temporary surroundings .
images/img_03922.png	adapted itself to modern tastes and the ill-
images/img_03923.png	but it would take more than a temporary
images/img_03924.png	viable craft . It has , in fact , readily
images/img_03925.png	art . It suffered a decline and fell into
images/img_03926.png	how completely it is in sympathy with con-
images/img_03927.png	one's own handiwork produce something
images/img_03928.png	to avoid the ready-made in these and by
images/img_03929.png	It will be seen how , with bold design
images/img_03930.png	tatting in fine and medium-weight cottons
images/img_03931.png	can give striking individuality to many things
images/img_03932.png	in the home . Chairbacks , cushions , tablecloths ,
images/img_03933.png	and rich colour , knitting , crochet and
images/img_03934.png	that reflects true creative talent .
images/img_03935.png	to mention only three - how satisfying it is
images/img_03936.png	traditional patterns that we follow today were ,
images/img_03937.png	and lovely touch to personal possessions -
images/img_03938.png	insertion on a petticoat or blouse , a tatted edge
images/img_03939.png	in fact , the brain-children of inventive men .
images/img_03940.png	the feminine skills , a number of the well-loved
images/img_03941.png	Although we assess lace-making as one of
images/img_03942.png	a lace border to a handkerchief , fine-lace
images/img_03943.png	threads may be reserved to bring a light
images/img_03944.png	The more delicate patterns and finer
images/img_03945.png	distinction that nothing else can give .
images/img_03946.png	to a collar ; these add a charming , feminine
images/img_03947.png	boys as well . Whole families made their
images/img_03948.png	and worked lace as well as women and
images/img_03949.png	For in the old order of things , men designed
images/img_03950.png	special schools were set up to teach lace-
images/img_03951.png	a folklore of song , festival and courtship grew
images/img_03952.png	livelihood by lace-making and consequently
images/img_03953.png	making not only to young girls , but to little
images/img_03954.png	up around the lace industry .
images/img_03955.png	During the sixteenth century a considerable
images/img_03956.png	the time of Victoria this gentle craft was
images/img_03957.png	convents of Europe . Without doubt it was the
images/img_03958.png	was developed into quite an elaborate and distinctive
images/img_03959.png	greatly abused .
images/img_03960.png	nuns who carried the craft to Ireland . There it
images/img_03961.png	amount of crochet was produced in the
images/img_03962.png	form with rosettes , leaves and lace fillings . During
images/img_03963.png	texture , are sold at a very high price . With a
images/img_03964.png	produce fashion articles as elegant as those of
images/img_03965.png	hand-crocheted blouses , gossamer fine in
images/img_03966.png	little time and concentration the woman at home can
images/img_03967.png	Paris - a blouse , delicate gloves or a fine
images/img_03968.png	In some of the elegant boutiques of Paris
images/img_03969.png	edging for collar , cuffs or a handkerchief .
images/img_03970.png	In the home , crochet lace can be used to make
images/img_03971.png	it is reasonably quick to work . In the following
images/img_03972.png	functions . The art of crochet is not difficult and
images/img_03973.png	crochet stitches .
images/img_03974.png	tablecloths , traycloths and runners , and edgings
images/img_03975.png	from heavy to fine can fulfil a variety of
images/img_03976.png	pages simple diagrams and instructions are given
images/img_03977.png	to enable the beginner to master all the essential
images/img_03978.png	shape , ensuring that all lines of the crochet are
images/img_03979.png	secure with pins . Run a line of basting stitches
images/img_03980.png	accurate . Place crochet in correct position on linen and
images/img_03981.png	which are to be attached to the linen . Remove crochet .
images/img_03982.png	on the linen following the outline of the crochet edges
images/img_03983.png	First launder crochet and then pin to the required
images/img_03984.png	( a ) Button Stitch round the outline of basting stitches ,
images/img_03985.png	( b ) Turn under a small hem , with fold lying on line
images/img_03986.png	outside edge . Oversew crochet to button stitch .
images/img_03987.png	the knotted part of the button stitch lying on the
images/img_03988.png	this hem , with 3 dc at each corner .
images/img_03989.png	Two methods can be used to join the crochet to the linen :
images/img_03990.png	of basting stitches . Work a row of dc all round
images/img_03991.png	are of the utmost importance to the worker .
images/img_03992.png	preserves the beauty of the design . It is easy
images/img_03993.png	It washes beautifully , never loses its colour
images/img_03994.png	Coats Mercer-Crochet possesses qualities which
images/img_03995.png	thickness - it is the ideal crochet thread .
images/img_03996.png	to work with , soft , glossy and of uniform
images/img_03997.png	nor becomes ' stringy ' , is very elastic and
images/img_03998.png	Oversew crochet to the dc. A household word ,
images/img_03999.png	the heavier threads are used for bedspreads ,
images/img_04000.png	crochet hooks range in size from number 3/0 ,
images/img_04001.png	Remember that texture plays an important part in
images/img_04002.png	are more effective for the delicate designs used for
images/img_04003.png	chairbacks , luncheon mats , etc. Crochet hooks
images/img_04004.png	the largest , to number 8 , the smallest .
images/img_04005.png	tablecloths , doilies , edgings and accessories , while
images/img_04006.png	the beauty of crochet . The finer mercerised threads
images/img_04007.png	are made of steel , composition or bone . Steel
images/img_04008.png	specified in the directions . These are the
images/img_04009.png	correct numbers to use with Mercer-Crochet :
images/img_04010.png	size of thread . To ensure the correct results ,
images/img_04011.png	it is important that you use the size of hook
images/img_04012.png	Directions are given for a small practice
images/img_04013.png	stitches , attractive articles can be made
images/img_04014.png	from the directions included in this book .
images/img_04015.png	you have become proficient in these
images/img_04016.png	Each size of hook is made for use with a certain
images/img_04017.png	piece for each stitch that you learn . When
images/img_04018.png	rest near tip of hook .
images/img_04019.png	of broad bar of hook as you would a
images/img_04020.png	and forefinger ( Fig. 1 ) . 1 . Take hold
images/img_04021.png	lapping long thread over short thread .
images/img_04022.png	and forefinger . 2 . Make a loop by
images/img_04023.png	1 . Grasp thread near end between thumb
images/img_04024.png	3 . Hold loop in place between thumb
images/img_04025.png	pencil . Bring middle finger forward to
images/img_04026.png	thread . Catch long end of thread ( Fig. 2 ) .
images/img_04027.png	the end of the hook , but not too tight
images/img_04028.png	across palm and behind forefinger ( Fig. 4 ) .
images/img_04029.png	( Fig. 3 ) . Loop thread round little finger ,
images/img_04030.png	from thread . Pull short end and ball thread
images/img_04031.png	in opposite directions to bring loop close around
images/img_04032.png	2 . Insert hook through loop and under long
images/img_04033.png	Draw loop through . 3 . Do not remove hook
images/img_04034.png	worked in the solid , and this certainly
images/img_04035.png	legs , and in reproduction period pieces they
images/img_04036.png	extremely easy to work , the four sides being
images/img_04037.png	A great deal of modern furniture has tapered
images/img_04038.png	the more elaborate varieties , however , a toe is
images/img_04039.png	complicates the operation .
images/img_04040.png	are frequently used . The simpler varieties are
images/img_04041.png	simply planed to give the required taper . In
images/img_04042.png	For short ones a smoothing plane can be used .
images/img_04043.png	The gauge can now be used to nick in the tapers
images/img_04044.png	as before . It is unnecessary to mark the taper with
images/img_04045.png	on the newly planed surfaces , and these treated
images/img_04046.png	of the plane sole to make the tapered surfaces
images/img_04047.png	the straight-edge as one relies upon the truth
images/img_04048.png	straight .
images/img_04049.png	accurate . The straight-edge can be used
images/img_04050.png	end reveals when the required amount
images/img_04051.png	has been removed , and if care is taken
images/img_04052.png	to test the straightness of the sides .
images/img_04053.png	to stop the plane short of the squared
images/img_04054.png	A glance at the gauge marks at the bottom
images/img_04055.png	pencil line at the top , the work will be
images/img_04056.png	the outer surfaces being vertical as
images/img_04057.png	begun . Some plain tapered legs have
images/img_04058.png	complete any mortising that may be
images/img_04059.png	at ( B ) , Fig. 1 . To make a leg such as
images/img_04060.png	marked out as at ( A ) , Fig. 3 .
images/img_04061.png	the taper on the two inner faces only ,
images/img_04062.png	that at ( D ) , Fig. 1 , the square is first
images/img_04063.png	needed at the top before the tapering is
images/img_04064.png	Incidentally , it is better to
images/img_04065.png	exactly down to the taper line ,
images/img_04066.png	tent of the taper , and in
images/img_04067.png	Note that squared lines marking
images/img_04068.png	needed as well as the upper ex-
images/img_04069.png	the top member of the toe are
images/img_04070.png	this case it is necessary to
images/img_04071.png	no farther .
images/img_04072.png	mark in the line of the taper
images/img_04073.png	with pencil and straight-edge
images/img_04074.png	as at ( B ) , Fig. 3 . A saw cut is
images/img_04075.png	made at the upper toe line
images/img_04076.png	quickly ; it is less expensive than most
images/img_04077.png	But why woodwork in particular ? Well , there
images/img_04078.png	create a certain amount of mess , it is
images/img_04079.png	it enables results to be obtained fairly
images/img_04080.png	innumerable useful household items -
images/img_04081.png	other materials ; it is a pleasant material
images/img_04082.png	are many reasons . Wood is in good and
images/img_04083.png	furniture , fitments , garden items , toys , etc. ;
images/img_04084.png	all clean and easily cleared away .
images/img_04085.png	common supply ; it lends itself to making
images/img_04086.png	to work with ; and , although it does
images/img_04087.png	are not only an economic necessity , but that a
images/img_04088.png	This last point is certainly important because almost
images/img_04089.png	ripping out parts from hardwood . Most men
images/img_04090.png	would unhesitatingly use a machine if it
images/img_04091.png	were available .
images/img_04092.png	everyone has come to recognise that machines
images/img_04093.png	example , surely no one can pretend to enjoy
images/img_04094.png	great deal of drudgery can be avoided by the
images/img_04095.png	installation of a power tool . As an elementary
images/img_04096.png	any case may be regarded as a good beginning to
images/img_04097.png	a man to make simple , straight-forward things , and in
images/img_04098.png	made enormously .
images/img_04099.png	nature of the work will probably dictate the additions
images/img_04100.png	which other tools can be added as the need arises . The
images/img_04101.png	most men have some of the tools already . It will enable
images/img_04102.png	Coming now to the actual tools and their cost , we begin
images/img_04103.png	to be made , but as a guide we have given a fuller kit
images/img_04104.png	with what we have called a bare minimum kit . Probably
images/img_04105.png	which increases the range of things that can be
images/img_04106.png	the fuller kit ( which in its turn , of course ,
images/img_04107.png	with a good basic kit , which includes
images/img_04108.png	obvious .
images/img_04109.png	includes the bare minimum kit ) .
images/img_04110.png	As a still further development , we follow
images/img_04111.png	certain special tools will become
images/img_04112.png	With this the vast majority of jobs
images/img_04113.png	can be done , though for advanced
images/img_04114.png	cabinet work the necessity for
images/img_04115.png	depend partly upon the space available
images/img_04116.png	machines . They never are cheap in the
images/img_04117.png	is prepared to pay , and the type of
images/img_04118.png	machines , the choice of which will
images/img_04119.png	long run . They may be inaccurate ,
images/img_04120.png	in the workshop , the amount one
images/img_04121.png	Do not buy so-called cheap tools or
images/img_04122.png	Lastly , we suggest certain power tools and
images/img_04123.png	work a man normally does . First ,
images/img_04124.png	however , a word of advice generally .
images/img_04125.png	not turn out quite right !
images/img_04126.png	Most tools have to lead an intensive life , and faults
images/img_04127.png	better to pay the fair price for a tool of good
images/img_04128.png	in design or quality soon become apparent . It is far
images/img_04129.png	yourself to blame the tools when the job does
images/img_04130.png	quality , and not handicap yourself from the start .
images/img_04131.png	To put it in a slightly different way , do not allow
images/img_04132.png	place for tools . The combined bench top and
images/img_04133.png	have to do their woodwork on the kitchen table .
images/img_04134.png	Many men with only limited accommodation
images/img_04135.png	are those of the vice , the bench stop , and storage
images/img_04136.png	Providing this is sound , some perfectly good
images/img_04137.png	designed and made for WOODWORKER
images/img_04138.png	tool cupboard shown here has been specially
images/img_04139.png	readers who have this difficulty .
images/img_04140.png	work can be done on it , but the usual problems
images/img_04141.png	timber can be used but Parana pine is
images/img_04142.png	capable of withstanding the heavy handling of the
images/img_04143.png	commercial articles , this chair is solidly built and
images/img_04144.png	most destructive youngster . Almost any available
images/img_04145.png	taking a good finish .
images/img_04146.png	family man or father-to-be . Unlike many
images/img_04147.png	recommended , being cheap , easy to work , and
images/img_04148.png	HERE is a project that will be welcomed by the
images/img_04149.png	can be altered if required .
images/img_04150.png	feeding tray to slide over a 30 in. table , but the height
images/img_04151.png	a smoothing plane , otherwise the marks left by the cutters
images/img_04152.png	Start by making the two side frames from 1 in. by 1 1/4 in. planed
images/img_04153.png	will show up after painting . The dimensions given enable the
images/img_04154.png	been machine planed , remember to go over each piece with
images/img_04155.png	timber as shown in Fig. 1 . Although the timber will have already
images/img_04156.png	All the joints are simple halving joints glued and pinned ,
images/img_04157.png	which should nevertheless be cut with care to ensure a neat
images/img_04158.png	appearance . The side frames are joined by four cross pieces
images/img_04159.png	cut to fit them .
images/img_04160.png	each 1 1/4 in. by 1/2 in. by 14 in. which fit into the recesses ( C ) ,
images/img_04161.png	the frame with panel pins to complete
images/img_04162.png	pinned into place . A similar piece of 1 in.
images/img_04163.png	by 1 1/4 in. by 14 in. timber is fixed across
images/img_04164.png	Fig. 3 which also shows how a piece of
images/img_04165.png	See Fig. 2 . These are then glued and
images/img_04166.png	the end of the feeding tray as seen in
images/img_04167.png	hardboard is covered with plastic material
images/img_04168.png	the feeding tray .
images/img_04169.png	for easy cleaning and then fixed underneath
images/img_04170.png	chair . The seat rests across the upper two
images/img_04171.png	is made from 1 1/4 in. by 1/2 in. timber .
images/img_04172.png	Cut this piece of hardboard so that it
images/img_04173.png	cross pieces and is made of 1/2 in. plywood
images/img_04174.png	glued and panel pinned in position , measurements
images/img_04175.png	being taken directly from the work . Fig. 4
images/img_04176.png	shows the framework for the back which
images/img_04177.png	fits up against the front legs of the
images/img_04178.png	B temporarily in place on the chair
images/img_04179.png	Fix the piece A to the sides first
images/img_04180.png	also the height is left to personal choice
images/img_04181.png	with glue and panel pins and then fit
images/img_04182.png	and the width is best taken directly
images/img_04183.png	from the work to ensure a good fit .
images/img_04184.png	the frame together with the piece
images/img_04185.png	frame .
images/img_04186.png	The amount of the backward tilt and
images/img_04187.png	Decide on the required angle of slope ,
images/img_04188.png	pieces . These can then be cut at the correct
images/img_04189.png	A piece of hardboard is then cut and pinned
images/img_04190.png	off the exact position of B on the side
images/img_04191.png	flush .
images/img_04192.png	angle and B is glued and nailed in place .
images/img_04193.png	keeping B flat on the chair seat , and mark
images/img_04194.png	to the frame and its edges planed off
images/img_04195.png	of angle irons as shown in Fig. 5 . When determining
images/img_04196.png	by 4 in. attached to the front legs with a pair
images/img_04197.png	the position of the footrest , do not place too near
images/img_04198.png	screws driven from the inside . The footrest is a
images/img_04199.png	Finally attach the back firmly to the sides with
images/img_04200.png	the seat to allow for the growth of baby's legs .
images/img_04201.png	piece of timber 14 in. long and about 1/2 in.
images/img_04202.png	made by shaping and soldering two pieces of stout
images/img_04203.png	considerable pulling as the child becomes older .
images/img_04204.png	inside of the chair arms about 2 1/2 in. from the
images/img_04205.png	wire as shown in Fig. 6 . Make sure that these
images/img_04206.png	To complete the job , screw two fittings to the
images/img_04207.png	are well secured as they will have to withstand
images/img_04208.png	back to hold the baby's safety harness . These can be
images/img_04209.png	woodfiller in the usual way and paint the frame in
images/img_04210.png	framework and round off any sharp edges ( such as the
images/img_04211.png	Punch in all nail and panel pin heads and fill the holes
images/img_04212.png	a suitable pastel shade , using a contrasting colour
images/img_04213.png	a suitable nursery transfer .
images/img_04214.png	for the seat and the back which can be decorated with
images/img_04215.png	edge of the seat , feeding tray , etc ) . Fill the grain with a
images/img_04216.png	with plastic wood . Then thoroughly glasspaper the whole
images/img_04217.png	material that might be available as otherwise the
images/img_04218.png	satisfying and worthwhile project .
images/img_04219.png	paint would soon be scratched off .
images/img_04220.png	Avoid using lead-based paint as this could prove poisonous
images/img_04221.png	( J.H.P. ) BUILDING your own boat is a most
images/img_04222.png	to cover the footrest with rubber or any such protective
images/img_04223.png	if junior decides to bite the chair . Finally , it is as well
images/img_04224.png	rowing dinghy many of which I have built and
images/img_04225.png	margin of freeboard .
images/img_04226.png	Here are the plans of a very seaworthy little
images/img_04227.png	and an outboard motor with a comfortable
images/img_04228.png	sold . It is especially designed for simplicity in
images/img_04229.png	weighs only 60 lb. but can carry three people
images/img_04230.png	construction , cheapness and lightness of weight ,
images/img_04231.png	and measures approximately 8 ft. by 4 ft. She
images/img_04232.png	For instance , in Canada we use galvanised nails
images/img_04233.png	job is to make your moulds . In Fig. 1 it quotes 3/4 in. five-ply ,
images/img_04234.png	always used brass screws , which are more expensive . The first
images/img_04235.png	and cut to shape later .
images/img_04236.png	in place of screws . We just bend them over and clamp
images/img_04237.png	firmly by using a hammer on each side . Over here I 've
images/img_04238.png	is nailed and glued together strongly , it may be marked
images/img_04239.png	but to save money any scrap may be used , and if this
images/img_04240.png	the moulds , make a frame of rough lumber as shown in
images/img_04241.png	If you do not have a wooden floor on which to anchor
images/img_04242.png	Columbia .
images/img_04243.png	and shaping your little craft , upside-down . For cheapness
images/img_04244.png	I recommend using Douglas Fir Plywood from British
images/img_04245.png	Fig. 2 . The main idea is to have the moulds standing as
images/img_04246.png	rigid as possible , for it is on these you will be building
images/img_04247.png	a permanently water proof glue line . Be sure to
images/img_04248.png	shilling .
images/img_04249.png	This is hot pressed and resin bonded to ensure
images/img_04250.png	This may be bought at any good timber merchants .
images/img_04251.png	see that the edge bears the mark , P.M.B.C. Exterior .
images/img_04252.png	wood of the same make , or oak or mahogany . For the
images/img_04253.png	mahogany table which I bought at a sale for one
images/img_04254.png	The transoms can be made of any sound five-ply
images/img_04255.png	last one I made , I used the two flaps from an old
images/img_04256.png	is difficult to obtain here and expensive . I overcome
images/img_04257.png	and easy to make . As will be seen from the plan
images/img_04258.png	I find that the type of rowlock we use in Canada
images/img_04259.png	there is only a single gunwale on the outside .
images/img_04260.png	rowing this dinghy ( Fig. 3 ) . They are very simple , cheap
images/img_04261.png	this in another way as shown in Fig. 4 .
images/img_04262.png	I have also included a sketch of paddles I make for
images/img_04263.png	Cut the moulds and the
images/img_04264.png	use a heavy old base as in
images/img_04265.png	Fig. 2 .
images/img_04266.png	transoms to shape as in the
images/img_04267.png	detailed drawings . If you have
images/img_04268.png	if not , use a strong horizontal
images/img_04269.png	' A ' frames fastened to the floor
images/img_04270.png	the ground or concrete floor . I
images/img_04271.png	frame that will sit firmly on
images/img_04272.png	a wooden floor you can use
images/img_04273.png	The edges of the transoms should be bevelled to
images/img_04274.png	correspond to the sides and bottom of the boat .
images/img_04275.png	notches , as they are not fastened to the
images/img_04276.png	the hull is under construction .
images/img_04277.png	to allow for the chines to rest in these
images/img_04278.png	Don't forget to cut out on each side of each mould
images/img_04279.png	moulds , which will only be used whilst
images/img_04280.png	in the plan , the transoms have a frame 1 in. by 1 in.
images/img_04281.png	prefer spruce when available . As will be seen
images/img_04282.png	on each side .
images/img_04283.png	is joined to both transoms and lies in the grooves
images/img_04284.png	The chine is the long stringer on each side which
images/img_04285.png	ash , spruce or any long grained flexible wood . I
images/img_04286.png	cut in the moulds . Each chine is made of oak ,
images/img_04287.png	transom framing . Glue , screw and make fast .
images/img_04288.png	The chines are morticed into this and butt up
images/img_04289.png	spring them both at the same time over the
images/img_04290.png	cut for this purpose in the stern or after
images/img_04291.png	against the transom . Start at the bow and
images/img_04292.png	slots cut in the moulds and into the notches
images/img_04293.png	and this is the time to check before making fast
images/img_04294.png	are equal on each side and that the transoms
images/img_04295.png	are parallel horizontally . Next bevel the chines
images/img_04296.png	to see that nothing is distorted . Ensure that
images/img_04297.png	The skeleton of the boat will now take shape ,
images/img_04298.png	the outside measurements from transom to transom
images/img_04299.png	with a plane so that the bottom will fit snugly .
images/img_04300.png	plan measurements but leave sufficient margin for
images/img_04301.png	the other . If care is taken not to waste the
images/img_04302.png	purpose , the sides from one , and the bottom from
images/img_04303.png	ply , plenty of material is left over for the thwarts .
images/img_04304.png	lengths of 8 ft. by 4 ft. ply for this
images/img_04305.png	planing after fixing to the boat . Use your two
images/img_04306.png	Cut out the bottom and sides accurately from the
images/img_04307.png	the sides to the transom framing and the chine .
images/img_04308.png	round the frame to the stern and clamp there . If
images/img_04309.png	to plank the sides . Start again at the bows ,
images/img_04310.png	clamping into position with a ' D ' clamp . Bend
images/img_04311.png	Having trimmed up the chines , we are now ready
images/img_04312.png	well . After generously covering with glue , screw
images/img_04313.png	you have a third clamp use it in the centre as
images/img_04314.png	Use 5/8 by No. 4 gauge screws ( brass ) or nail
images/img_04315.png	the screw to allow for a good grip . Remember
images/img_04316.png	about 4 in. apart and do not counter-sink in
images/img_04317.png	to glue before screwing .
images/img_04318.png	you are doing it that way . Use flat head screws
images/img_04319.png	with inch and a quarter galvanized nails , if
images/img_04320.png	the 1/4 in. ply . Make a very small hole for
images/img_04321.png	necessary to be careful not to miss the chine with
images/img_04322.png	trifle ; this can be cleaned up later . As you are
images/img_04323.png	the bottom shaped transom facing .
images/img_04324.png	the bottom , both for screwing to the chines and
images/img_04325.png	Clean up with the plane ready for the bottom ,
images/img_04326.png	the screws . I prefer spacing screws 3 in. apart for
images/img_04327.png	which is cut in one piece . It should overlap just a
images/img_04328.png	screwing and gluing this piece to the chines it is
images/img_04329.png	shift them right out of the way . Place the boat right side
images/img_04330.png	the rubbing strakes and you are ready to lift the boat off
images/img_04331.png	Again , don't forget to glue . Now put on the keel and
images/img_04332.png	the moulds . You won't want them again for this boat , so
images/img_04333.png	working .
images/img_04334.png	up on two boxes or trestles of convenient height for
images/img_04335.png	one to fit the block .
images/img_04336.png	with vertical members as shown in the plans . Make the
images/img_04337.png	before riveting on the gunwales so that you do not put
images/img_04338.png	four blocks for the rowlocks and mark their positions
images/img_04339.png	a rivet where you will have to cut out the inside ( gunwale )
images/img_04340.png	taking care to reinforce the sides of the dinghy at the seats
images/img_04341.png	Fix on the gunwales and insert the thwarts ( seats )
images/img_04342.png	WHEN an assortment of differently coloured materials are cut
images/img_04343.png	I rivet my gunwales together through the side of the hull
images/img_04344.png	undercoat and at least one coat of finishing paint .
images/img_04345.png	with copper nails and roves . It greatly improves the
images/img_04346.png	making fabric pictures or designs .
images/img_04347.png	into a variety of shapes they can be combined by either
images/img_04348.png	appearance and the strength . Paint with good marine primer ,
images/img_04349.png	for framing and hanging on a wall , they may
images/img_04350.png	article .
images/img_04351.png	resulting panel utilized for decorating a useful
images/img_04352.png	also be arranged into a design , and the
images/img_04353.png	While these may ultimately be made into a picture
images/img_04354.png	when 50 planes are engaged in spreading 1,500 tons
images/img_04355.png	WE have not yet reached the stage in Britain
images/img_04356.png	the stench of small game and birds dead from insecti-
images/img_04357.png	of DDT and fuel oil over 3 million acres or when
images/img_04358.png	witness described one sprayed area as literally rank with
images/img_04359.png	cide poisoning .
images/img_04360.png	20 million acres are sprayed with dieldrin . An eye-
images/img_04361.png	of the misuse of chemicals in agriculture ,
images/img_04362.png	are used in field trial tests .
images/img_04363.png	some stations are carrying out useful research on
images/img_04364.png	does the balance of nature by killing both pests
images/img_04365.png	Wholesale chemical spraying , upsetting as it
images/img_04366.png	number of American State Research Stations . Not
images/img_04367.png	and predators , is viewed with concern by a
images/img_04368.png	content with issuing bulletins on the dangers
images/img_04369.png	pest control by biological means . Both native and
images/img_04370.png	imported predatory insects and insect pathogens
images/img_04371.png	States . Advertisements offer eggs of European ,
images/img_04372.png	religiosa ) , both native and " immigrant " varieties ,
images/img_04373.png	The biological control of pests in the garden
images/img_04374.png	are used by gardeners in all parts of the United
images/img_04375.png	is not new to the American gardener . Lady-
images/img_04376.png	birds figure in press advertisements , their
images/img_04377.png	Chinese or native forms of mantis .
images/img_04378.png	sale being by the gallon . Praying mantis ( Mantis
images/img_04379.png	northwards .
images/img_04380.png	eating other insects . Nine blowflies
images/img_04381.png	From the day it hatches in the spring
images/img_04382.png	until it dies in the late autumn , the
images/img_04383.png	praying mantis satisfies its voracity by
images/img_04384.png	may be consumed at one sitting and
images/img_04385.png	grasshopper while eating another .
images/img_04386.png	the fully adult , 2 1/2-in.-long insect ,
images/img_04387.png	is able to keep a firm hold on one
images/img_04388.png	heuschrecken " ( Die Neue Brehm Bu"ckerei ,
images/img_04389.png	According to Dr. Max Beier in " Fang-
images/img_04390.png	1952 ) , the praying mantis is trecking
images/img_04391.png	over vines and peachtrees .
images/img_04392.png	many of the mantis of both types had died
images/img_04393.png	first mantis had hatched from the very large
images/img_04394.png	Meanwhile Mr. Moncrieff had sent me an
images/img_04395.png	Because of the cool , wet weather , I had great
images/img_04396.png	difficulty in breeding fruit flies and , after
images/img_04397.png	egg-case on June 6 . Both the Chinese
images/img_04398.png	egg-case of the Chinese mantis . The
images/img_04399.png	and Spanish mantis , in the young stage
images/img_04400.png	at any rate , are light brown in colour .
images/img_04401.png	in my Kilner jars , I poured living mantis
images/img_04402.png	three survived the journey ; one thrived
images/img_04403.png	Grantham , Lincs , kindly offered to
images/img_04404.png	A Gardeners Chronicle reader living in
images/img_04405.png	greenhouse . Of the dozen Spanish mantis
images/img_04406.png	mantis as a pest control in the cold
images/img_04407.png	and the latest report I have is that
images/img_04408.png	this mantis is still alive .
images/img_04409.png	sent him by post on June 22 , only two or
images/img_04410.png	cooperate with me in studying praying
images/img_04411.png	since the end of the war , clay pots are
images/img_04412.png	numerous small clay pots are used each
images/img_04413.png	obtained at a comparable price , except the
images/img_04414.png	no real substitute for clay that can be
images/img_04415.png	have made headway , and although
images/img_04416.png	year , they are fewer than they were 10
images/img_04417.png	DESPITE the steady influx of substitutes
images/img_04418.png	still in greatest demand . It is mostly
images/img_04419.png	years ago . In the larger sizes there is still
images/img_04420.png	in the smaller sizes that the substitutes
images/img_04421.png	commercial nurseries for growing tomatoes
images/img_04422.png	bituminized paper pots which are used on
images/img_04423.png	necessarily apply to the larger sizes , as
images/img_04424.png	10 per cent. , and where the handling and
images/img_04425.png	brittle nature ; even with reasonably careful
images/img_04426.png	storage facilities are not too good , these
images/img_04427.png	smaller ones and are not normally thrown
images/img_04428.png	they are not quite so fragile as the
images/img_04429.png	handling , the annual losses are often around
images/img_04430.png	about in quite the same way .
images/img_04431.png	losses will be even greater . This does not
images/img_04432.png	The main disadvantage of the clay pot is its
images/img_04433.png	weather , which can be quite a headache in
images/img_04434.png	they must have some protection from severe
images/img_04435.png	broken pots have on occasions provided
images/img_04436.png	from any point of view .
images/img_04437.png	and difficult things to accommodate and
images/img_04438.png	a small garden . While admitting that
images/img_04439.png	half-broken pots is an unlovely sight
images/img_04440.png	artists with delightful studies , there is no
images/img_04441.png	doubt that a pile of badly stacked ,
images/img_04442.png	The storage problem puts clay pots at a
images/img_04443.png	definite disadvantage . They are fairly heavy
images/img_04444.png	Every garden boy will agree that having to
images/img_04445.png	a few years ago that he made the headlines
images/img_04446.png	for having smashed a large number # to
images/img_04447.png	relieve his feelings . On the small-to-medium
images/img_04448.png	favour of their abolition ; in fact one
images/img_04449.png	can be sterilized or washed by machine .
images/img_04450.png	whereas on larger establishments the pots
images/img_04451.png	establishment , it is a disagreeable chore
images/img_04452.png	which nobody tackles with any enthusiasm ,
images/img_04453.png	young man was so wholehearted about this
images/img_04454.png	wash clay pots is a definite factor in
images/img_04455.png	substitutes ; the former may last indefinitely
images/img_04456.png	with luck , while the latter are often
images/img_04457.png	to grow plants . In their proper setting they
images/img_04458.png	comparison between clay pots and the various
images/img_04459.png	a nostalgic affection for them .
images/img_04460.png	efficient and congenial containers in which
images/img_04461.png	It is not easy to make an economic
images/img_04462.png	are not unattractive and , in spite of
images/img_04463.png	their shortcomings , most gardeners have
images/img_04464.png	expendable used only once . Clay pots are
images/img_04465.png	safer stacking , though they are still
images/img_04466.png	for the larger sizes , so they have the
images/img_04467.png	wash . The deep rims make for neater and
images/img_04468.png	Present-day pots are better finished , do
images/img_04469.png	other hand , there is really no replacement
images/img_04470.png	expensive and still get broken . On the
images/img_04471.png	suitable container available in quantity
images/img_04472.png	not get dirty so readily and are easier to
images/img_04473.png	decided advantage of being the only
images/img_04474.png	for fairly large plants .
images/img_04475.png	condition .
images/img_04476.png	Usually cylindrical or hexagonal in shape , they
images/img_04477.png	pots for plant raising . These are compressed blocks of
images/img_04478.png	Soil blocks are probably the oldest alternative to clay
images/img_04479.png	are made of the same compost as would have
images/img_04480.png	that it is used in a slightly moister
images/img_04481.png	been used in a pot , the # only difference being
images/img_04482.png	compost , made in a specially devised press to
images/img_04483.png	simulate roughly the shape and size of a pot .
images/img_04484.png	cucumbers , marrows , melons , cauliflowers ,
images/img_04485.png	in the normal way , the only real difference
images/img_04486.png	Seed is sown , or seedlings are pricked out into them
images/img_04487.png	lupins and numerous others .
images/img_04488.png	celery and onions , may all be raised in soil
images/img_04489.png	blocks ; so can such flowering plants as
images/img_04490.png	rose to avoid breaking the blocks with a spout
images/img_04491.png	being that more of the watering is done through a
images/img_04492.png	dahlias , chrysanthemums , salvias , sweet peas ,
images/img_04493.png	of water . First-class plants of tomatoes ,
images/img_04494.png	propagating ; there can be no progression to a
images/img_04495.png	is that soil blocks can only be used for
images/img_04496.png	potted .
images/img_04497.png	to be moved ; it must be planted out or
images/img_04498.png	larger block when the plant or seedling is ready
images/img_04499.png	easily , is produced . The obvious limitation #
images/img_04500.png	and a superior plant , which transplants more
images/img_04501.png	One big advantage of soil blocks is an obvious
images/img_04502.png	it is very little more trouble than normal potting ,
images/img_04503.png	completely . Manufacturing the block and planting
images/img_04504.png	one : the cost of a pot of any description is saved
images/img_04505.png	The various types of small paper pots are very
images/img_04506.png	results by buying a small hand-operated soil
images/img_04507.png	block maker and use the money saved on
images/img_04508.png	Many amateur gardeners might improve their
images/img_04509.png	inclined to collapse if the plants are in them
images/img_04510.png	useful for short-term operations , but are
images/img_04511.png	buying small pots to improve their composts .
images/img_04512.png	too long .
images/img_04513.png	They are # quite useful for plants that are
images/img_04514.png	nurseryman ; there is also considerable saving
images/img_04515.png	in carriage costs because of their lightness .
images/img_04516.png	and others not so good . A wide range of
images/img_04517.png	their cheapness making them attractive to the
images/img_04518.png	despatched to market or direct to customers ,
images/img_04519.png	There are many types of plastic pots available ;
images/img_04520.png	usually need less water than those in clay
images/img_04521.png	plants grow quite well in plastic pots and
images/img_04522.png	pots .
images/img_04523.png	some expensive , some quite cheap ; some good
images/img_04524.png	has been gained with them . Plastic pots
images/img_04525.png	are usually more expensive than clay ones ,
images/img_04526.png	will last a long time with normal care .
images/img_04527.png	but they are almost indestructible and
images/img_04528.png	manage , however , until a little experience
images/img_04529.png	They are slightly more difficult to
images/img_04530.png	of books . He uses his vocabulary to
images/img_04531.png	how to do this for himself , with the help
images/img_04532.png	so as to make it grow . He does not
images/img_04533.png	find the answers .
images/img_04534.png	simply pack new things into the store .
images/img_04535.png	vocabulary to work on the existing store
images/img_04536.png	The job of the teacher is to set the learner's
images/img_04537.png	The solitary learner has to find out
images/img_04538.png	ask questions and uses the books to
images/img_04539.png	of us obstinately go on using it .
images/img_04540.png	" mind " has given rise to endless
images/img_04541.png	abolish it from the dictionary , most
images/img_04542.png	controversy among philosophers and psycho-
images/img_04543.png	a well-established learner and the world
images/img_04544.png	your own philosopher , your own psychologist
images/img_04545.png	will be at your feet . Although the word
images/img_04546.png	logists , many of whom would like to
images/img_04547.png	Thus learning how to learn means becoming
images/img_04548.png	and your own teacher . You will then be
images/img_04549.png	to detach the mind from the brain , and all the biological ,
images/img_04550.png	essence of a man which is supposed to persist apart from
images/img_04551.png	And then you get a knock on the head and all evidence of
images/img_04552.png	" mind " vanishes , at any rate for some time . It seems very difficult
images/img_04553.png	the basis of all those experiences and phenomena which
images/img_04554.png	the body , and to reserve the more prosaic word " mind " for
images/img_04555.png	close connection . There is a lot to be said for keeping the
images/img_04556.png	are clearly associated with the brain .
images/img_04557.png	surgical and pharmacological evidence points to a very
images/img_04558.png	word " soul " to stand for what many believe to be the imperishable
images/img_04559.png	gases and so on . Where has psychology got to in its
images/img_04560.png	theories of " mind " ? Are there any ultimate units
images/img_04561.png	picture of this " basis " of mental phenomena ?
images/img_04562.png	The physicists have succeeded remarkably well ,
images/img_04563.png	picture of the basis of such material phenomena
images/img_04564.png	as chemical action , magnetism , the behaviour of
images/img_04565.png	with the atomic theory , in giving a clear and detailed
images/img_04566.png	Can we now put forward any reasonably clear
images/img_04567.png	of mind akin to the atoms of matter ?
images/img_04568.png	for basic units of mind has gone on and will
images/img_04569.png	matter combine to form molecular compounds .
images/img_04570.png	thought to combine together to form compound
images/img_04571.png	experiences by analogy with the way atoms of
images/img_04572.png	identified as elementary sensations . These were
images/img_04573.png	be analysed into discrete bits . These bits were
images/img_04574.png	But this view led to too many difficulties and
images/img_04575.png	was finally abandoned . Nevertheless the search
images/img_04576.png	doubtless continue , for it is the aim of science to
images/img_04577.png	At one time it was thought that mind could indeed
images/img_04578.png	discover ultimate units .
images/img_04579.png	geometry .
images/img_04580.png	units of geometry must be points . It would be more
images/img_04581.png	sciences . For example the success of the atomic theory
images/img_04582.png	correct to regard operations as the ultimate units of
images/img_04583.png	We must beware , however , of supposing that there must be any
images/img_04584.png	in physics might lead us to suppose that the ultimate
images/img_04585.png	close analogy between the units of quite different
images/img_04586.png	It is not an easy concept and if I try to make it
images/img_04587.png	psychology in its search for ultimate units and here
images/img_04588.png	There have been many conflicting tendencies in
images/img_04589.png	but even so it may be better than a meaningless abstraction .
images/img_04590.png	we can only indicate what seems to be the most promising
images/img_04591.png	concept which is current today . It is known as the schema .
images/img_04592.png	concrete it will be at the cost of over-simplification
images/img_04593.png	and this feeling of queerness
images/img_04594.png	They think there is something
images/img_04595.png	psychologist I am constantly
images/img_04596.png	mistaken belief that the
images/img_04597.png	the wrong way round . As a
images/img_04598.png	psychologist first looks into ...
images/img_04599.png	inevitably " queer " about psychology
images/img_04600.png	usually boils down to a quite
images/img_04601.png	encountering this tendency
images/img_04602.png	in friends and acquaintances .
images/img_04603.png	It is the tendency to get things
images/img_04604.png	nowadays most psychologists would agree that it is
images/img_04605.png	For although looking inwards ( or " introspecting "
images/img_04606.png	round " . He is far more likely to find out about how
images/img_04607.png	one of the most unreliable methods of getting
images/img_04608.png	his own mind works by looking at other people's .
images/img_04609.png	as it is called ) , is not entirely ruled out ,
images/img_04610.png	This is what I mean by " getting things the wrong way
images/img_04611.png	any precise information .
images/img_04612.png	person they observe his visible behaviour and then try
images/img_04613.png	And so they prefer objective methods . Since they cannot
images/img_04614.png	this behaviour . This is no more queer than the method
images/img_04615.png	of the doctor who observes signs , and records symptoms ,
images/img_04616.png	directly look into the mental processes of another
images/img_04617.png	to give theoretical interpretations of what lies behind
images/img_04618.png	and diagnoses the inner states responsible for them .
images/img_04619.png	to be prepared to observe and make inferences about
images/img_04620.png	all kinds of processes in other people , whether or not they
images/img_04621.png	psychology is concerned - these patterns are the concern of
images/img_04622.png	very little about the patterns of brain-activity which
images/img_04623.png	He may never have had the disease himself but he
images/img_04624.png	correspond with anything in his own experience . We know
images/img_04625.png	the neuro-physiologists .
images/img_04626.png	can nevertheless identify it . Similarly the psychologist has
images/img_04627.png	provide our schemas , nor do we need to know as far as
images/img_04628.png	therefore selected . A detailed age-structure was
images/img_04629.png	compiled from personnel department records ,
images/img_04630.png	five just fifty years of age .
images/img_04631.png	weekly wage-earners up to chargehand level
images/img_04632.png	The numerically largest group , consisting of male
images/img_04633.png	thirty-three aged sixty-four years , and sixty-
images/img_04634.png	teen men seventy years of age or older ,
images/img_04635.png	revealing that there were ( at that time ) seven-
images/img_04636.png	and in the works only , excluding the offices , was
images/img_04637.png	A small panel was formed , not on a formally representative
images/img_04638.png	those seventy years of age or older .
images/img_04639.png	problems faced by older workers , and approached
images/img_04640.png	from various levels in the firm . In due course
images/img_04641.png	basis but rather of energetic and concerned individuals ,
images/img_04642.png	the panel decided to seek further insight into the
images/img_04643.png	fourth year , and opportunity has been taken
images/img_04644.png	The Rubery , Owen scheme is now in its
images/img_04645.png	to revise the course in the light of
images/img_04646.png	5 . Financial planning 6 . Final discussion
images/img_04647.png	now as follows : 1 . Personal adjustment 2 . Health
images/img_04648.png	experience . Topics for the six weekly meetings
images/img_04649.png	of one-and-a-half hours ( each held half in
images/img_04650.png	company time , half in the man's time ) are
images/img_04651.png	3 . Work and leisure 4 . Living arrangements
images/img_04652.png	which takes place at company expense in a country or
images/img_04653.png	taken part .
images/img_04654.png	The weekend conference for the men and their wives ,
images/img_04655.png	plenary sessions . Of the men reaching fifty years of age
images/img_04656.png	discussions are arranged for the wives in addition to the
images/img_04657.png	since the scheme started , 125 ( 37.2 per cent ) have
images/img_04658.png	resort hotel , includes an address on ' The Woman's Point
images/img_04659.png	of View ' and one on ' Making the Most of Health ' . Separate
images/img_04660.png	personnel department or by an approach to
images/img_04661.png	members of the panel responsible for the scheme .
images/img_04662.png	fresher courses at the ages of fifty-five and sixty :
images/img_04663.png	working out his ideas , either through the company's
images/img_04664.png	the first of these is due in 1963 . Meanwhile , each
images/img_04665.png	' graduate ' is encouraged to seek help and advice in
images/img_04666.png	The original scheme was planned to provide short re-
images/img_04667.png	Towards the end of 1956 , Mr. Daniel Grant ,
images/img_04668.png	Workers' Educational Association , submitted
images/img_04669.png	Hood , a copy of his report on an enquiry
images/img_04670.png	advisers , but are prepared to seek out the
images/img_04671.png	he had made into the problems that beset
images/img_04672.png	an Employee Relations Officer of
images/img_04673.png	Rolls-Royce Ltd. and a member of the
images/img_04674.png	to the Lord Provost of Glasgow , Dr. Andrew
images/img_04675.png	The latter do not regard themselves as expert
images/img_04676.png	older workers and the effects of retirement
images/img_04677.png	appropriate sources of information or advice .
images/img_04678.png	Hugentobler Roger
images/img_04679.png	Health of Retired Workers ' , and being satisfied that the matters
images/img_04680.png	arranging a Conference on Preparation for and
images/img_04681.png	committee representative of bodies particularly concerned with
images/img_04682.png	The Lord Provost , having studied the report on ' The Morale and
images/img_04683.png	the welfare of older people to examine the report and
images/img_04684.png	its implications and to consider the advisability of
images/img_04685.png	Glasgow and warranted further study , set an informal
images/img_04686.png	raised were of considerable importance to the citizens of
images/img_04687.png	Occupational Activities on Retirement .
images/img_04688.png	reflected not only an increasing awareness
images/img_04689.png	concerted action towards preparing men
images/img_04690.png	crafts , hobbies and leisure-time interests
images/img_04691.png	for those who are retired .
images/img_04692.png	and women for life in retirement and more
images/img_04693.png	The large attendance and atmosphere of
images/img_04694.png	this Conference , held in October , 1957 ,
images/img_04695.png	desire on the part of all concerned for
images/img_04696.png	adequate provision of facilities for
images/img_04697.png	of the problems of men and women nearing
images/img_04698.png	or already in retirement but also a strong
images/img_04699.png	of psychology , education and social science ; ... .
images/img_04700.png	chairman and Mr. Andrew Atkinson as secretary . The
images/img_04701.png	As a result , the Glasgow Retirement Council came
images/img_04702.png	the Workers' Educational Association ; the University
images/img_04703.png	Centres . The former consists of representatives from
images/img_04704.png	the Glasgow Corporation Further Education Department ;
images/img_04705.png	Preparation for Retirement , and on Occupational
images/img_04706.png	Extra-Mural Education Committee and departments
images/img_04707.png	Council has active committees on Education and
images/img_04708.png	into being in April , 1958 , with Dr. Andrew Hood as
images/img_04709.png	tober , 1959 , the first experimental day-release course for
images/img_04710.png	to let older employees attend day-release courses on preparation
images/img_04711.png	men was organised . Eleven students from seven firms atten-
images/img_04712.png	of Education for Glasgow , that industrial firms might be ready
images/img_04713.png	to the men and their employers that the venture was an
images/img_04714.png	experiment from which the organisers hoped to learn as much
images/img_04715.png	ded a course on six full Fridays and it was made clear both
images/img_04716.png	for retirement , their wages paid for the time thus spent . An
images/img_04717.png	In 1959 it was suggested by Mr. T. M. Banks , Assistant Director
images/img_04718.png	as the participants .
images/img_04719.png	approach was made to about twenty large firms and in Oc-
images/img_04720.png	and retirement according to the occupational
images/img_04721.png	in what aspects ? 3 . Does the evidence
images/img_04722.png	level of employees ? 2 . If so , which occupational
images/img_04723.png	a pre-retirement planning and preparation
images/img_04724.png	levels are the better or the poorer prepared
images/img_04725.png	obtained support a rationale for adapting
images/img_04726.png	programme to the needs of older employees
images/img_04727.png	1 . Are there differences in adjustment to ageing
images/img_04728.png	for successful adjustment to retirement and
images/img_04729.png	of different occupational levels ?
images/img_04730.png	itself . Remember your four names - have the list
images/img_04731.png	with you if you like - and you simply can't
images/img_04732.png	be flummoxed ! Of course , in any speech a good
images/img_04733.png	start and a good finish are half the battle .
images/img_04734.png	things in a different way . All the better ! - it will
images/img_04735.png	sound much more spontaneous on the occasion
images/img_04736.png	Each time you rehearse you will probably put
images/img_04737.png	But there is no need to be frightened . The audience
images/img_04738.png	So - see the next page ! Yes , they are waiting for you .
images/img_04739.png	I have not had much experience of public speaking .
images/img_04740.png	you offer them . A good start will put them in a
images/img_04741.png	will eat out of your hand - if they like what
images/img_04742.png	good humour . Ladies and gentlemen ! I 'm afraid
images/img_04743.png	rate , have proved that wrong . And they say , too ,
images/img_04744.png	intelligence .
images/img_04745.png	are a novice ? It 's their interest you want - not their
images/img_04746.png	GO ! Try something like this : It is said that tele-
images/img_04747.png	sympathy . And you want to get it from the word
images/img_04748.png	But that 's a terrible way to begin ! Why tell them you
images/img_04749.png	vision keeps people at home . But you , at any
images/img_04750.png	that television makes its appeal to those of lesser
images/img_04751.png	May I suggest that you have proved that
images/img_04752.png	your speech . Take some thought , too , for your ending .
images/img_04753.png	didn't get in ! Instead he might have ended
images/img_04754.png	this way : Well , those are my views .
images/img_04755.png	candidate often used that finish . No wonder he
images/img_04756.png	Thank you for listening to me so patiently . A political
images/img_04757.png	right ! Congratulations ! And away you go into
images/img_04758.png	Camp , aged thirty-three , the girl who was to have
images/img_04759.png	been his bride . There was little doubt of how
images/img_04760.png	grief-stricken duty formally to identify Elizabeth
images/img_04761.png	taken to St Thomas's Hospital it was his
images/img_04762.png	had been murder .
images/img_04763.png	became greatly alarmed , and after the body had been
images/img_04764.png	she had met her death , and even less that it
images/img_04765.png	When he learned what was causing the commotion he
images/img_04766.png	She had been struck several times with a blunt
images/img_04767.png	There were signs of a violent struggle , blood
images/img_04768.png	to provide the only possible clue to the killer .
images/img_04769.png	on the cushions and floor , and the remains
images/img_04770.png	of her broken umbrella . But a pair of bone
images/img_04771.png	instrument , and her head was smashed in .
images/img_04772.png	cuff-links found in the compartment seemed
images/img_04773.png	in the evening she had called on her two sisters ,
images/img_04774.png	robbery , and this was further confirmed when a
images/img_04775.png	other at Hounslow , where she kept a shop .
images/img_04776.png	check was made with the woman's relations in
images/img_04777.png	Good Intent , a public-house in Walworth . Her day
images/img_04778.png	Hounslow . Miss Camp had been the housekeeper at the
images/img_04779.png	established that no sexual assault had taken place .
images/img_04780.png	one of whom lived at Hammersmith and the
images/img_04781.png	The body was examined , and it was definitely
images/img_04782.png	It seemed probable that the motive had been
images/img_04783.png	off was Thursday , and before coming up to London
images/img_04784.png	and arrived at Hounslow around 5 P.M. , where
images/img_04785.png	to the station , helping her with some of
images/img_04786.png	she had tea with her other sister , and then
images/img_04787.png	her packages . This sister was able to establish
images/img_04788.png	that she had carried a green purse and
images/img_04789.png	had bought a railway ticket .
images/img_04790.png	went to catch the 7.42 . Her sister saw her
images/img_04791.png	Elizabeth had left Hammersmith in the late afternoon ,
images/img_04792.png	was found at Waterloo . Neither the sisters nor Mr Berry thought it
images/img_04793.png	compartment when the train left , but this did not help much , since it
images/img_04794.png	supported the sister's statement that Elizabeth Camp had been alone in her
images/img_04795.png	likely that she had been carrying much money . A porter at Hounslow
images/img_04796.png	had made stops at nine stations before Waterloo .
images/img_04797.png	But both purse and ticket , and the packages , were gone when the body
images/img_04798.png	killer to book in modern times .
images/img_04799.png	no easy task , but one in which patience and method
images/img_04800.png	and perhaps evidence enough to have brought a
images/img_04801.png	sticking to it . The murder weapon , more than likely ,
images/img_04802.png	Putney and Wandsworth they found a bloodstained
images/img_04803.png	pestle such as chemists use , with some hairs
images/img_04804.png	The police began a systematic search of the line -
images/img_04805.png	paid off . At a spot on the embankment between
images/img_04806.png	might have yielded . It was a tough case to
images/img_04807.png	no experts to check and photograph any ' dabs ' it
images/img_04808.png	disguised another motive , and a thorough check
images/img_04809.png	overlook the possibility that this might have
images/img_04810.png	Police , and Chief Inspector Marshall , of Scotland
images/img_04811.png	attacked for the sake of robbery , they did not
images/img_04812.png	Yard , combined forces in the investigation . While
images/img_04813.png	tackle , and Superintendent Robinson , of the L.S.W.R.
images/img_04814.png	accepting the likelihood that Miss Camp had been
images/img_04815.png	But in 1897 , alas ! there was no fingerprint bureau ,
images/img_04816.png	of her former men friends and acquaintances began .
images/img_04817.png	one of that new class of merchant financiers
images/img_04818.png	harrying English shipping as far away as Cherbourg ,
images/img_04819.png	resources , and captured the young Mercer in a
images/img_04820.png	A Scottish knight - Sir John Mercer - was
images/img_04821.png	which the city of London was now producing , fitted ,
images/img_04822.png	equipped and manned a fleet from his own
images/img_04823.png	imprisoned in England . His son , in revenge , was
images/img_04824.png	brilliant Channel fight .
images/img_04825.png	and doing it to some purpose . John Philpot ,
images/img_04826.png	a walk over the fields while we attended
images/img_04827.png	rather indignant , but we took the
images/img_04828.png	a farmer in a field . He seemed
images/img_04829.png	said he had been stopped by
images/img_04830.png	after the Dedication , the Archbishop
images/img_04831.png	when we met at tea at the rectory
images/img_04832.png	to our business . To my amusement ,
images/img_04833.png	episode without a smile till afterwards .
images/img_04834.png	Dr. Davidson said he would go for
images/img_04835.png	The Hall proved most useful , especially in winter
images/img_04836.png	was translated to Winchester , and Dr. Hubert
images/img_04837.png	coming to Sunday Evensong . We managed to furnish
images/img_04838.png	Burge became Bishop of Southwark .
images/img_04839.png	appreciated the Church Hall for worship as well
images/img_04840.png	when the distance to the church deterred many from
images/img_04841.png	a table with cross and candles , and the people
images/img_04842.png	as for more secular purposes . In 1910 Dr. Talbot
images/img_04843.png	the incumbent of the highest church in the
images/img_04844.png	religious instruction through the Diocese , and I
images/img_04845.png	Meanwhile I had been asked to do a bit of Diocesan
images/img_04846.png	also found myself a member of the Diocesan
images/img_04847.png	Diocese .
images/img_04848.png	work in connection with Higher Religious Education , and
images/img_04849.png	to become the Southwark Secretary of the Church Reading
images/img_04850.png	Union . This meant organizing lectures and courses of
images/img_04851.png	Conference , where I remember introducing myself as
images/img_04852.png	There was a somewhat shocked atmosphere in
images/img_04853.png	work was growing pretty heavy , and we managed
images/img_04854.png	was 800 feet high above the sea level ! The
images/img_04855.png	some quarters , until I explained that my church
images/img_04856.png	to get a stipendiary layman who could help
images/img_04857.png	among the children and young people .
images/img_04858.png	in Bavaria to witness the Passion Play . The place and its people were
images/img_04859.png	performed at the small theatre in the village , when new talent would
images/img_04860.png	war broke out in 1914 , I spent my summer holidays there and became
images/img_04861.png	be discovered and trained .
images/img_04862.png	to play an important part in my life . For five years in succession till
images/img_04863.png	very intimate with the people and the environs . Every year between the
images/img_04864.png	Passion Plays , an interval of ten years , another play would be
images/img_04865.png	It was while I was at Tatsfield that I first visited Oberammergau
images/img_04866.png	the end of a few months an enthusiastic choir of men and women
images/img_04867.png	and lead the others . As for basses and altos the conductor had to
images/img_04868.png	First of all simple part-songs : I found only one member who had
images/img_04869.png	old school friend at Clifton . He could sustain the tenor part quite well
images/img_04870.png	could render simple part-singing tolerably well .
images/img_04871.png	any idea of reading music . This was the village doctor who was an
images/img_04872.png	teach by singing the parts with them . It was very amusing , and by
images/img_04873.png	and we were all happy .
images/img_04874.png	gave a concert at which the accompanist was the village schoolmaster ,
images/img_04875.png	Then we went to work on Coleridge Taylor's ' Hiawatha's
images/img_04876.png	Wedding Feast . ' Enthusiasm grew , and in a few more months we
images/img_04877.png	Friends from Limpsfield , in addition to the villagers , came up ,
images/img_04878.png	and the tenor solo ' Onaway awake ' was sung by the Rector .
images/img_04879.png	years a most able and devoted housekeeper whom I had known
images/img_04880.png	church .
images/img_04881.png	well in Limpsfield where she had a house next to the
images/img_04882.png	Very soon we managed to get a hut in Purley where soldiers
images/img_04883.png	in those years more than busy . We now had a vicarage next
images/img_04884.png	to the church , and I was most fortunate in having for eight
images/img_04885.png	were very welcome and the ladies organized a canteen . Life was
images/img_04886.png	On hearing that I was to leave Tatsfield and come to
images/img_04887.png	who was the only other occupant of the house when
images/img_04888.png	Purley she offered to come and look after me . She was
images/img_04889.png	Mr. Evitt had gone .
images/img_04890.png	a real treasure , of yeoman stock and clever in all domestic
images/img_04891.png	things , a widow who knew how to look after the ' boy , '
images/img_04892.png	picture given them and the lesson was
images/img_04893.png	ster at her own home . Each child had a
images/img_04894.png	the superintendent who filled in the regi-
images/img_04895.png	had to miss the Sunday Church from any cause
images/img_04896.png	church , they could just whisper to
images/img_04897.png	We gathered together a splendid Sunday
images/img_04898.png	clamour for back stamps if a child
images/img_04899.png	their book , and there was quite a
images/img_04900.png	largely based on this . It was on a
images/img_04901.png	afternoon service at the church , each child
images/img_04902.png	stamp which could be stuck in
images/img_04903.png	being given a number which , as they came into
images/img_04904.png	naughty child with the penalty of not being
images/img_04905.png	the children enjoyed the service , and I heard
images/img_04906.png	are parents or even grandparents
images/img_04907.png	they were a most delightful lot , and
images/img_04908.png	it is a great joy to meet them now
images/img_04909.png	on Sunday afternoon . I hope the threat
images/img_04910.png	kept them good in the week , but anyway
images/img_04911.png	allowed to come to the Children's Church
images/img_04912.png	It was quite amusing to see how much
images/img_04913.png	of parents or faithful nurses threaten any
images/img_04914.png	fifty years afterwards when so many
images/img_04915.png	me at once to chronicle a most intimate and
images/img_04916.png	sons was just coming into the world in this year
images/img_04917.png	lasting friendship begun in 1913 in Purley and
images/img_04918.png	and his family , the youngest of whose three
images/img_04919.png	to St. Mark's , the first contact I made was
images/img_04920.png	Speaking of churchwardens and children leads
images/img_04921.png	with the Vicar's Warden , Mr. F. W. Charlton
images/img_04922.png	of 1913 .
images/img_04923.png	continuing till old age to-day . When I went
images/img_04924.png	From then till now the acquaintance ripened into a very
images/img_04925.png	all the many vicissitudes of a long ministry . Mr. and
images/img_04926.png	Mrs. Charlton have been from the first difficult
images/img_04927.png	some tempers were easily frayed , the most
images/img_04928.png	deep friendship which I have taken with me through
images/img_04929.png	loyal and devoted friends .
images/img_04930.png	years of war , when most lives were upset and
images/img_04931.png	lived on in Purley - have always been
images/img_04932.png	were in our Children's Church from the
images/img_04933.png	another we do not forget .
images/img_04934.png	outset , and when we don't see one
images/img_04935.png	failed . Their three boys , now successful men ,
images/img_04936.png	Their homes - for since those years they have
images/img_04937.png	havens of rest , and the welcome has never
images/img_04938.png	frequently , establishing at once a friendly contact with
images/img_04939.png	at the Royal Herbert Hospital , full of war prisoners .
images/img_04940.png	In those early years 1914-18 , life was very full
images/img_04941.png	both in the parish and in the wider war activities .
images/img_04942.png	The Bishop , knowing that I spent my holidays in
images/img_04943.png	Bavaria , asked me if I would do something for two wards
images/img_04944.png	the Bavarian wounded who were delighted to find
images/img_04945.png	I was very glad to help in this way , and visited them
images/img_04946.png	someone who knew their native villages .
images/img_04947.png	scorned these more simple country folk .
images/img_04948.png	I could at once notice the great antagonism
images/img_04949.png	between the Bavarians and the Prussians who openly
images/img_04950.png	general system of " francs-tireurs " , to be named
images/img_04951.png	lead to disaster . Then there had been much talk of
images/img_04952.png	Less than no response from the Russian side led
images/img_04953.png	" Werewolves " .
images/img_04954.png	outcome that the Nazis evidently hoped might
images/img_04955.png	one to fear that the event might well have the
images/img_04956.png	the setting up among the German population of a
images/img_04957.png	thousand of Nazi rule , so far from creating
images/img_04958.png	universally a dull bewildered apathy .
images/img_04959.png	meeting of East and West was marked by
images/img_04960.png	more than a fantasy . Thanks to the good
images/img_04961.png	sense of the front line soldiers , the
images/img_04962.png	vodka . And the effect on the German people
images/img_04963.png	of the first ten years of the promised
images/img_04964.png	the use of no weapon more lethal than
images/img_04965.png	a spirit of warlike frenzy , had produced
images/img_04966.png	The Nazi fortress concept turned out to be nothing
images/img_04967.png	" Werewolves " that we had contemplated the necessity of very
images/img_04968.png	special precautions to guard the lives of our airmen . Particular
images/img_04969.png	and death over Germany , causing such wholesale slaughter among
images/img_04970.png	So far had our thinking led us in this matter of the
images/img_04971.png	men , women and children , old and young alike .
images/img_04972.png	those who had , over the years , spread such ghastly havoc , destruction
images/img_04973.png	hatred , we felt , was bound to be aimed at the representatives of
images/img_04974.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in
images/img_04975.png	is a great resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ;
images/img_04976.png	other man was a priest : here the priest is
images/img_04977.png	much as his health permitted him to enjoy any-
images/img_04978.png	Naples . He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
images/img_04979.png	1superceded by the soldier - a favourable change
images/img_04980.png	fine . '
images/img_04981.png	thing . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which
images/img_04982.png	people , and what a busy town . At Rome , every
images/img_04983.png	# he is going out fast ... . What a gay , lively
images/img_04984.png	in my eye , particularly as the troops are very
images/img_04985.png	permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' ,
images/img_04986.png	every other man was a priest : here the
images/img_04987.png	he wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great
images/img_04988.png	resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ; he
images/img_04989.png	priest is 1superceded by the soldier -
images/img_04990.png	By the end of the month he still delighted
images/img_04991.png	in Naples . He told Cloncurry that he
images/img_04992.png	enjoyed it as much as his health
images/img_04993.png	is going out fast ... . What a gay , lively
images/img_04994.png	people , and what a busy town . At Rome ,
images/img_04995.png	a favourable change in my eye ,
images/img_04996.png	much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything .
images/img_04997.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in
images/img_04998.png	resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ; he is going
images/img_04999.png	a busy town . At Rome , every other man was a
images/img_05000.png	Naples . He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
images/img_05001.png	as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05002.png	' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great
images/img_05003.png	soldier - a favourable change in my eye , particularly
images/img_05004.png	out fast ... . What a gay , lively people , and what
images/img_05005.png	priest : here the priest is 1superceded by the
images/img_05006.png	He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his
images/img_05007.png	other man was a priest : here the priest is 1superceded by
images/img_05008.png	health permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he
images/img_05009.png	the soldier - a favourable change in my eye , particularly
images/img_05010.png	as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05011.png	wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great resource . Vesuvius
images/img_05012.png	seems to be tired ; he is going out fast ... . What a gay ,
images/img_05013.png	lively people , and what a busy town . At Rome , every
images/img_05014.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples .
images/img_05015.png	the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05016.png	told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health permitted
images/img_05017.png	Rome , every other man was a priest : here the priest is 1superceded
images/img_05018.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples . He
images/img_05019.png	a great resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ; he is going out
images/img_05020.png	by the soldier - a favourable change in my eye , particularly as
images/img_05021.png	him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which is
images/img_05022.png	fast ... . What a gay , lively people , and what a busy town . At
images/img_05023.png	Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health
images/img_05024.png	and what a busy town . At Rome , every other man was
images/img_05025.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples . He told
images/img_05026.png	favourable change in my eye , particularly as the troops
images/img_05027.png	arrived , which is a great resource . Vesuvius seems to be
images/img_05028.png	permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is
images/img_05029.png	are very fine . '
images/img_05030.png	a priest : here the priest is 1superceded by the soldier - a
images/img_05031.png	tired ; he is going out fast ... . What a gay , lively people ,
images/img_05032.png	his health permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The
images/img_05033.png	particularly as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05034.png	was a priest : here the priest is 1superceded by
images/img_05035.png	resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ; he is
images/img_05036.png	the soldier - a favourable change in my eye ,
images/img_05037.png	what a busy town . At Rome , every other man
images/img_05038.png	He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as
images/img_05039.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples .
images/img_05040.png	going out fast ... . What a gay , lively people , and
images/img_05041.png	Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great
images/img_05042.png	health permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he
images/img_05043.png	as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05044.png	He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his
images/img_05045.png	man was a priest : here the priest is 1superceded by
images/img_05046.png	the soldier - a favourable change in my eye , particularly
images/img_05047.png	seems to be tired ; he is going out fast ... . What a gay ,
images/img_05048.png	wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great resource . Vesuvius
images/img_05049.png	lively people , and what a busy town . At Rome , every other
images/img_05050.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples .
images/img_05051.png	At Rome , every other man was a priest :
images/img_05052.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in
images/img_05053.png	it as much as his health permitted him to
images/img_05054.png	enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived ,
images/img_05055.png	which is a great resource . Vesuvius seems
images/img_05056.png	a gay , lively people , and what a busy town .
images/img_05057.png	here the priest is 1superceded by the
images/img_05058.png	Naples . He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed
images/img_05059.png	particularly as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05060.png	to be tired ; he is going out fast ... . What
images/img_05061.png	soldier - a favourable change in my eye ,
images/img_05062.png	in my eye , particularly as the troops are
images/img_05063.png	people , and what a busy town . At Rome , every
images/img_05064.png	anything . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which
images/img_05065.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in
images/img_05066.png	1superceded by the soldier - a favourable change
images/img_05067.png	much as his health permitted him to enjoy
images/img_05068.png	very fine . '
images/img_05069.png	is a great resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ;
images/img_05070.png	he is going out fast ... . What a gay , lively
images/img_05071.png	Naples . He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
images/img_05072.png	other man was a priest : here the priest is
images/img_05073.png	' is arrived , which is a great resource . Vesuvius seems
images/img_05074.png	told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health
images/img_05075.png	man was a priest : here the priest is 1superceded by the
images/img_05076.png	the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05077.png	permitted him to enjoy anything . ' The Pearl ' , he wrote ,
images/img_05078.png	soldier - a favourable change in my eye , particularly as
images/img_05079.png	to be tired ; he is going out fast ... . What a gay , lively
images/img_05080.png	people , and what a busy town . At Rome , every other
images/img_05081.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples . He
images/img_05082.png	priest : here the priest is 1superceded by the
images/img_05083.png	busy town . At Rome , every other man was a
images/img_05084.png	Naples . He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
images/img_05085.png	out fast ... . What a gay , lively people , and what a
images/img_05086.png	much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything .
images/img_05087.png	By the end of the month he still delighted in
images/img_05088.png	resource . Vesuvius seems to be tired ; he is going
images/img_05089.png	particularly as the troops are very fine . '
images/img_05090.png	' The Pearl ' , he wrote , ' is arrived , which is a great
images/img_05091.png	soldier - a favourable change in my eye ,
images/img_05092.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl
images/img_05093.png	back to England , and returned to Rome for the
images/img_05094.png	The journey has been against me , as there has
images/img_05095.png	usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find
images/img_05096.png	is high & I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05097.png	been much rain and damp , but the temperature
images/img_05098.png	this place agree with me better than Naples .
images/img_05099.png	winter . In late November , he was ' suffering as
images/img_05100.png	Naples . The journey has been against
images/img_05101.png	damp , but the temperature is high
images/img_05102.png	me , as there has been much rain and
images/img_05103.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' ,
images/img_05104.png	& I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05105.png	this place agree with me better than
images/img_05106.png	to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05107.png	Pearl back to England , and returned
images/img_05108.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent
images/img_05109.png	but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find
images/img_05110.png	to England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In
images/img_05111.png	me better than Naples . The journey has been
images/img_05112.png	but the temperature is high & I have not
images/img_05113.png	late November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped ,
images/img_05114.png	against me , as there has been much rain and damp ,
images/img_05115.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back
images/img_05116.png	yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05117.png	he told Arthur , ' to find this place agree with
images/img_05118.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl
images/img_05119.png	the winter . In late November , he was ' suffering as
images/img_05120.png	has been against me , as there has been much rain and
images/img_05121.png	place agree with me better than Naples . The journey
images/img_05122.png	thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05123.png	damp , but the temperature is high & I have not yet
images/img_05124.png	back to England , and returned to Rome for
images/img_05125.png	usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find this
images/img_05126.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05127.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05128.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he
images/img_05129.png	told Arthur , ' to find this place agree with me better than
images/img_05130.png	Naples . The journey has been against me , as there has
images/img_05131.png	high & I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05132.png	been much rain and damp , but the temperature is
images/img_05133.png	me , as there has been much rain and damp , but the temperature
images/img_05134.png	is high & I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05135.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05136.png	place agree with me better than Naples . The journey has been against
images/img_05137.png	was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find this
images/img_05138.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late November , he
images/img_05139.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05140.png	Arthur , ' to find this place agree with me better than Naples .
images/img_05141.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05142.png	yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05143.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he told
images/img_05144.png	The journey has been against me , as there has been much
images/img_05145.png	rain and damp , but the temperature is high & I have not
images/img_05146.png	temperature is high & I have not yet thought of
images/img_05147.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05148.png	there has been much rain and damp , but the
images/img_05149.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he
images/img_05150.png	than Naples . The journey has been against me , as
images/img_05151.png	told Arthur , ' to find this place agree with me better
images/img_05152.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05153.png	a fire ... .
images/img_05154.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05155.png	been much rain and damp , but the temperature is high
images/img_05156.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05157.png	& I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05158.png	Naples . The journey has been against me , as there has
images/img_05159.png	told Arthur , ' to find this place agree with me better than
images/img_05160.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he
images/img_05161.png	the winter . In late November , he was ' suffering
images/img_05162.png	temperature is high & I have not yet
images/img_05163.png	thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05164.png	this place agree with me better than Naples .
images/img_05165.png	back to England , and returned to Rome for
images/img_05166.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl
images/img_05167.png	has been much rain and damp , but the
images/img_05168.png	The journey has been against me , as there
images/img_05169.png	as usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find
images/img_05170.png	place agree with me better than Naples . The
images/img_05171.png	back to England , and returned to Rome for the
images/img_05172.png	much rain and damp , but the temperature is high
images/img_05173.png	& I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05174.png	# winter . In late November , he was ' suffering as
images/img_05175.png	journey has been against me , as there has been
images/img_05176.png	usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find this
images/img_05177.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl
images/img_05178.png	thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05179.png	England , and returned to Rome for the winter . In late
images/img_05180.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl back to
images/img_05181.png	Arthur , ' to find this place agree with me better than Naples .
images/img_05182.png	November , he was ' suffering as usual ' , but hoped , he told
images/img_05183.png	The journey has been against me , as there has been much rain
images/img_05184.png	and damp , but the temperature is high & I have not yet
images/img_05185.png	place agree with me better than Naples . The journey
images/img_05186.png	winter . In late November , he was ' suffering as
images/img_05187.png	usual ' , but hoped , he told Arthur , ' to find this
images/img_05188.png	When the sailing season was past , he sent Pearl
images/img_05189.png	& I have not yet thought of a fire ... .
images/img_05190.png	has been against me , as there has been much
images/img_05191.png	rain and damp , but the temperature is high
images/img_05192.png	back to England , and returned to Rome for the
images/img_05193.png	temporary assumption of the government by
images/img_05194.png	one word of English . ' While he was writing
images/img_05195.png	de Chambre that ever was . But he has not
images/img_05196.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I
images/img_05197.png	the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05198.png	this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs , and the
images/img_05199.png	have an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet
images/img_05200.png	ever was . But he has not one word
images/img_05201.png	assumption of the government by
images/img_05202.png	the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05203.png	this letter he heard of the fall of
images/img_05204.png	of English . ' While he was writing
images/img_05205.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens
images/img_05206.png	that I have an Italian who is perhaps
images/img_05207.png	the Whigs , and the temporary
images/img_05208.png	the best Valet de Chambre that
images/img_05209.png	the government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05210.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have an
images/img_05211.png	While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
images/img_05212.png	of the Whigs , and the temporary assumption of
images/img_05213.png	ever was . But he has not one word of English . '
images/img_05214.png	Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that
images/img_05215.png	the Whigs , and the temporary assumption of the govern-
images/img_05216.png	ever was . But he has not one word of English . '
images/img_05217.png	A pleasant life # truly ! ... It so happens that I have
images/img_05218.png	an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that
images/img_05219.png	ment by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05220.png	While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall of
images/img_05221.png	Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05222.png	writing this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs , and
images/img_05223.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have an Italian
images/img_05224.png	who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was .
images/img_05225.png	But he has not one word of English . ' While he was
images/img_05226.png	the temporary assumption of the government by the
images/img_05227.png	who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was . But he
images/img_05228.png	has not one word of English . ' While he was writing this letter he
images/img_05229.png	heard of the fall of the Whigs , and the temporary assumption
images/img_05230.png	of the government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05231.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have an Italian
images/img_05232.png	he has not one word of English . ' While he was writing this
images/img_05233.png	who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was . But
images/img_05234.png	assumption of the government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05235.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have an Italian
images/img_05236.png	letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs , and the temporary
images/img_05237.png	of the Whigs , and the temporary assumption of
images/img_05238.png	the government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05239.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have
images/img_05240.png	that ever was . But he has not one word of English . '
images/img_05241.png	an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre
images/img_05242.png	While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
images/img_05243.png	government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05244.png	that ever was . But he has not one word of English . '
images/img_05245.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have
images/img_05246.png	of the Whigs , and the temporary assumption of the
images/img_05247.png	an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre
images/img_05248.png	While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
images/img_05249.png	has not one word of English . ' While he was
images/img_05250.png	the Whigs , and the temporary assumption of
images/img_05251.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that
images/img_05252.png	the government by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05253.png	Valet de Chambre that ever was . But he
images/img_05254.png	I have an Italian who is perhaps the best
images/img_05255.png	writing this letter he heard of the fall of
images/img_05256.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have
images/img_05257.png	an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de
images/img_05258.png	heard of the fall of the Whigs , and the temporary
images/img_05259.png	of English . ' While he was writing this letter he
images/img_05260.png	Chambre that ever was . But he has not one word
images/img_05261.png	assumption of the government by the Duke of
images/img_05262.png	Wellington .
images/img_05263.png	by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05264.png	While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall of the
images/img_05265.png	ever was . But he has not one word of English . '
images/img_05266.png	Whigs , and the temporary assumption of the government
images/img_05267.png	Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that
images/img_05268.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that I have an
images/img_05269.png	by the Duke of Wellington .
images/img_05270.png	not one word of English . ' While he was writing
images/img_05271.png	I have an Italian who is perhaps the best
images/img_05272.png	A pleasant life truly ! ... It so happens that
images/img_05273.png	this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs , and
images/img_05274.png	Valet de Chambre that ever was . But he has
images/img_05275.png	the temporary assumption of the government
images/img_05276.png	upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be
images/img_05277.png	what may happen ... .
images/img_05278.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble !
images/img_05279.png	a mass of Radicalism , & then God knows
images/img_05280.png	I really tremble for my country ! I may be
images/img_05281.png	exasperation of the People will be so great at the
images/img_05282.png	What infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but
images/img_05283.png	mistaken , 1tho' I cannot but fear that the
images/img_05284.png	return of Ultratoryism , that the Commons House
images/img_05285.png	return of Ultratoryism , that the
images/img_05286.png	Commons House upon a dissolution ,
images/img_05287.png	of Radicalism , & then God knows what
images/img_05288.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble !
images/img_05289.png	indifferent , but I really tremble for my
images/img_05290.png	but fear that the exasperation of
images/img_05291.png	the People will be so great at the
images/img_05292.png	What infatuation ! Personally I am
images/img_05293.png	country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot
images/img_05294.png	may happen ... .
images/img_05295.png	which must be had , will be a mass
images/img_05296.png	cannot but fear that the exasperation of the People
images/img_05297.png	will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism ,
images/img_05298.png	God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05299.png	tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I
images/img_05300.png	# ' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble !
images/img_05301.png	What infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really
images/img_05302.png	that the Commons House upon a dissolution , which
images/img_05303.png	must be had , will be a mass of Radicalism , & then
images/img_05304.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05305.png	will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism ,
images/img_05306.png	be had , will be a mass of Radicalism , & then God
images/img_05307.png	tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho'
images/img_05308.png	I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the People
images/img_05309.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really
images/img_05310.png	that the Commons House upon a dissolution , which must
images/img_05311.png	knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05312.png	great at the return of Ultratoryism , that the Commons
images/img_05313.png	for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot
images/img_05314.png	House upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be a
images/img_05315.png	but fear that the exasperation of the People will be so
images/img_05316.png	mass of Radicalism , & then God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05317.png	tuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really tremble
images/img_05318.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What infa-
images/img_05319.png	Commons House upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be
images/img_05320.png	People will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism , that the
images/img_05321.png	be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the
images/img_05322.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What infatuation !
images/img_05323.png	Personally I am indifferent , but I really tremble for my country ! I may
images/img_05324.png	a mass of Radicalism , & then God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05325.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05326.png	upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be a mass
images/img_05327.png	but fear that the exasperation of the People will be so great
images/img_05328.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really
images/img_05329.png	at the return of Ultratoryism , that the Commons House
images/img_05330.png	of Radicalism , & then God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05331.png	tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot
images/img_05332.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05333.png	of the People will be so great at the return of
images/img_05334.png	dissolution , which must be had , will be a mass
images/img_05335.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really
images/img_05336.png	tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken ,
images/img_05337.png	1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation
images/img_05338.png	happen ... .
images/img_05339.png	Ultratoryism , that the Commons House upon a
images/img_05340.png	of Radicalism , & then God knows what may
images/img_05341.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05342.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really tremble
images/img_05343.png	House upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be a
images/img_05344.png	for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot but
images/img_05345.png	great at the return of Ultratoryism , that the Commons
images/img_05346.png	fear that the exasperation of the People will be so
images/img_05347.png	mass of Radicalism , & then God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05348.png	may happen ... .
images/img_05349.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05350.png	so great at the return of Ultratoryism ,
images/img_05351.png	Radicalism , & then God knows what
images/img_05352.png	the exasperation of the People will be
images/img_05353.png	be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot but fear that
images/img_05354.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent ,
images/img_05355.png	that the Commons House upon a dissolution ,
images/img_05356.png	which must be had , will be a mass of
images/img_05357.png	but I really tremble for my country ! I may
images/img_05358.png	a dissolution , which must be had , will be a
images/img_05359.png	Ultratoryism , that the Commons House upon
images/img_05360.png	I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the
images/img_05361.png	mass of Radicalism , & then God knows what
images/img_05362.png	may happen ... .
images/img_05363.png	tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho'
images/img_05364.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05365.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really
images/img_05366.png	People will be so great at the return of
images/img_05367.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I really tremble
images/img_05368.png	great at the return of Ultratoryism , that the Commons
images/img_05369.png	fear that the exasperation of the People will be so
images/img_05370.png	for my country ! I may be mistaken , 1tho' I cannot but
images/img_05371.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05372.png	House upon a dissolution , which must be had , will be a
images/img_05373.png	mass of Radicalism , & then God knows what may happen ... .
images/img_05374.png	mass of Radicalism , & then God knows
images/img_05375.png	infatuation ! Personally I am indifferent , but I
images/img_05376.png	1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation of
images/img_05377.png	the People will be so great at the return of
images/img_05378.png	dissolution , which must be had , will be a
images/img_05379.png	what may happen ... .
images/img_05380.png	Ultratoryism , that the Commons House upon a
images/img_05381.png	really tremble for my country ! I may be mistaken ,
images/img_05382.png	' What a frightful event ! ' he wrote . ' I tremble ! What
images/img_05383.png	God grant , however , that I may be a
images/img_05384.png	an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05385.png	of the numerous conventional remedies
images/img_05386.png	Sir R. Peel was here , I understand , but
images/img_05387.png	a new chapter in the history of
images/img_05388.png	to which he had been subjected ever
images/img_05389.png	Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective
images/img_05390.png	false prophet & that all may go well .
images/img_05391.png	While he was in Naples there had opened
images/img_05392.png	alleviation of his painful malady . None
images/img_05393.png	off yesterday . '
images/img_05394.png	I understand , but an express took him
images/img_05395.png	had the slightest effect .
images/img_05396.png	first shown themselves seventeen years before had
images/img_05397.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet
images/img_05398.png	& that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here ,
images/img_05399.png	chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search
images/img_05400.png	None of the numerous conventional remedies to which
images/img_05401.png	for an effective alleviation of his painful malady .
images/img_05402.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new
images/img_05403.png	he had been subjected ever since the symptoms had
images/img_05404.png	malady . None of the numerous conventional remedies
images/img_05405.png	to which he had been subjected ever since the symp-
images/img_05406.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a
images/img_05407.png	search for an effective alleviation of his painful
images/img_05408.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet &
images/img_05409.png	new chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing
images/img_05410.png	toms had first shown themselves seventeen years before
images/img_05411.png	that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I under-
images/img_05412.png	had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05413.png	stand , but an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05414.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet & that
images/img_05415.png	subjected ever since the symptoms had first shown them-
images/img_05416.png	an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05417.png	the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
images/img_05418.png	all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I understand , but
images/img_05419.png	selves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05420.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in
images/img_05421.png	effective alleviation of his painful malady . None of the
images/img_05422.png	numerous conventional remedies to which he had been
images/img_05423.png	shown themselves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05424.png	may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I understand , but an express
images/img_05425.png	which he had been subjected ever since the symptoms had first
images/img_05426.png	his painful malady . None of the numerous conventional remedies to
images/img_05427.png	history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective alleviation of
images/img_05428.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet & that all
images/img_05429.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in the
images/img_05430.png	took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05431.png	seventeen years before had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05432.png	ever since the symptoms had first shown themselves
images/img_05433.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in
images/img_05434.png	the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective
images/img_05435.png	conventional remedies to which he had been subjected
images/img_05436.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet
images/img_05437.png	& that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I understand ,
images/img_05438.png	alleviation of his painful malady . None of the numerous
images/img_05439.png	but an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05440.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new
images/img_05441.png	yesterday . '
images/img_05442.png	here , I understand , but an express took him off
images/img_05443.png	malady . None of the numerous conventional
images/img_05444.png	since the symptoms had first shown them-
images/img_05445.png	remedies to which he had been subjected ever
images/img_05446.png	selves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05447.png	chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing
images/img_05448.png	& that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was
images/img_05449.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet
images/img_05450.png	search for an effective alleviation of his painful
images/img_05451.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet
images/img_05452.png	slightest effect .
images/img_05453.png	in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
images/img_05454.png	effective alleviation of his painful malady . None of the
images/img_05455.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
images/img_05456.png	& that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I understand ,
images/img_05457.png	but an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05458.png	themselves seventeen years before had had the
images/img_05459.png	subjected ever since the symptoms had first shown
images/img_05460.png	numerous conventional remedies to which he had been
images/img_05461.png	ous conventional remedies to which he had
images/img_05462.png	had first shown themselves seventeen years . .
images/img_05463.png	been subjected ever since the symptoms
images/img_05464.png	of his painful malady . None of the numer-
images/img_05465.png	unceasing search for an effective alleviation
images/img_05466.png	prophet & that all may go well . Sir R. Peel
images/img_05467.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a
images/img_05468.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false
images/img_05469.png	new chapter in the history of Anglesey's
images/img_05470.png	was here , I understand , but an express took
images/img_05471.png	him off yesterday . '
images/img_05472.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
images/img_05473.png	& that all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I
images/img_05474.png	had been subjected ever since the symptoms had
images/img_05475.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet
images/img_05476.png	an effective alleviation of his painful malady . None
images/img_05477.png	understand , but an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05478.png	had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05479.png	in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for
images/img_05480.png	first shown themselves seventeen years before
images/img_05481.png	of the numerous conventional remedies to which he
images/img_05482.png	While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
images/img_05483.png	in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for
images/img_05484.png	been subjected ever since the symptoms had first
images/img_05485.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false prophet & that
images/img_05486.png	shown themselves seventeen years before had had the
images/img_05487.png	but an express took him off yesterday . '
images/img_05488.png	an effective alleviation of his painful malady . None
images/img_05489.png	all may go well . Sir R. Peel was here , I understand ,
images/img_05490.png	slightest effect .
images/img_05491.png	of the numerous conventional remedies to which he had
images/img_05492.png	which he had been subjected ever since the
images/img_05493.png	history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
images/img_05494.png	effective alleviation of his painful malady .
images/img_05495.png	was here , I understand , but an express took
images/img_05496.png	years before had had the slightest effect .
images/img_05497.png	there had opened a new chapter in the
images/img_05498.png	prophet & that all may go well . Sir R. Peel
images/img_05499.png	symptoms had first shown themselves seventeen
images/img_05500.png	God grant , however , that I may be a false
images/img_05501.png	him off yesterday . ' While he was in Naples
images/img_05502.png	None of the numerous conventional remedies to
images/img_05503.png	known as homoeopathy had been brought to
images/img_05504.png	of death , the new German curative method
images/img_05505.png	in the 1960s , no cure has been found for
images/img_05506.png	his notice .
images/img_05507.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today ,
images/img_05508.png	Anglesey believed himself to be on the point
images/img_05509.png	the 6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when
images/img_05510.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even
images/img_05511.png	today , in the 1960s , no cure has been
images/img_05512.png	found for the 6tic douloureux . As early
images/img_05513.png	German curative method known as
images/img_05514.png	to be on the point of death , the new
images/img_05515.png	his notice .
images/img_05516.png	as 1830 , when Anglesey believed himself
images/img_05517.png	homoeopathy had been brought to
images/img_05518.png	Anglesey believed himself to be on the point of
images/img_05519.png	6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when
images/img_05520.png	homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05521.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in
images/img_05522.png	the 1960s , no cure has been found for the
images/img_05523.png	death , the new German curative method known as
images/img_05524.png	1960s , no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux .
images/img_05525.png	on the point of death , the new German curative method
images/img_05526.png	known as homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05527.png	As early as 1830 , when Anglesey believed himself to be
images/img_05528.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the
images/img_05529.png	1960s , no cure has been found for the 6tic
images/img_05530.png	curative method known as homoeopathy had been
images/img_05531.png	brought to his notice .
images/img_05532.png	douloureux . As early as 1830 , when Anglesey believed
images/img_05533.png	himself to be on the point of death , the new German
images/img_05534.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the
images/img_05535.png	brought to his notice .
images/img_05536.png	1830 , when Anglesey believed himself to be on the point of death ,
images/img_05537.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the 1960s ,
images/img_05538.png	the new German curative method known as homoeopathy had been
images/img_05539.png	no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux . As early as
images/img_05540.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the 1960s ,
images/img_05541.png	early as 1830 , when Anglesey believed himself to be on the
images/img_05542.png	homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05543.png	no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux . As
images/img_05544.png	point of death , the new German curative method known as
images/img_05545.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in
images/img_05546.png	method known as homoeopathy had been
images/img_05547.png	6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when
images/img_05548.png	brought to his notice .
images/img_05549.png	point of death , the new German curative
images/img_05550.png	Anglesey believed himself to be on the
images/img_05551.png	the 1960s , no cure has been found for the
images/img_05552.png	as homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05553.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the
images/img_05554.png	1960s , no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux . As
images/img_05555.png	early as 1830 , when Anglesey believed himself to be on
images/img_05556.png	the point of death , the new German curative method known
images/img_05557.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today ,
images/img_05558.png	the 6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when
images/img_05559.png	point of death , the new German curative
images/img_05560.png	Anglesey believed himself to be on the
images/img_05561.png	method known as homoeopathy had been
images/img_05562.png	in the 1960s , no cure has been found for
images/img_05563.png	brought to his notice .
images/img_05564.png	the 1960s , no cure has been found for the
images/img_05565.png	6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when Anglesey
images/img_05566.png	homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05567.png	believed himself to be on the point of death ,
images/img_05568.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in
images/img_05569.png	the new German curative method known as
images/img_05570.png	As early as 1830 , when Anglesey believed himself to be
images/img_05571.png	known as homoeopathy had been brought to his notice .
images/img_05572.png	on the point of death , the new German curative method
images/img_05573.png	1960s , no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux .
images/img_05574.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today , in the
images/img_05575.png	point of death , the new German curative
images/img_05576.png	in the 1960s , no cure has been found for the
images/img_05577.png	method known as homoeopathy had
images/img_05578.png	Nor is this to be wondered at , for even today ,
images/img_05579.png	been brought to his notice .
images/img_05580.png	Anglesey believed himself to be on the
images/img_05581.png	6tic douloureux . As early as 1830 , when
images/img_05582.png	had studied under its founder , the aged
images/img_05583.png	that it was being cultivated with extraordinary
images/img_05584.png	himself was being treated under a doctor who
images/img_05585.png	advise Anglesey to give the system a trial , adding
images/img_05586.png	the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to
images/img_05587.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law ,
images/img_05588.png	Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05589.png	success in France and Italy , and that he
images/img_05590.png	give the system a trial , adding that it
images/img_05591.png	success in France and Italy , and that
images/img_05592.png	In April of that year his first wife's
images/img_05593.png	founder , the aged Dr. Samuel
images/img_05594.png	he himself was being treated under a
images/img_05595.png	was being cultivated with extraordinary
images/img_05596.png	brother-in-law , the diplomatist Lord
images/img_05597.png	Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey to
images/img_05598.png	Hahnemann .
images/img_05599.png	doctor who had studied under its
images/img_05600.png	France and Italy , and that he himself was being
images/img_05601.png	the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise
images/img_05602.png	it was being cultivated with extraordinary success in
images/img_05603.png	its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05604.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law ,
images/img_05605.png	treated under a doctor who had studied under
images/img_05606.png	Anglesey to give the system a trial , adding that
images/img_05607.png	and that he himself was being treated under a doctor
images/img_05608.png	who had studied under its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel
images/img_05609.png	cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy ,
images/img_05610.png	diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey
images/img_05611.png	to give the system a trial , adding that it was being
images/img_05612.png	Hahnemann .
images/img_05613.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law , the
images/img_05614.png	cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy ,
images/img_05615.png	and that he himself was being treated under a doctor
images/img_05616.png	who had studied under its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel
images/img_05617.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law , the
images/img_05618.png	Hahnemann .
images/img_05619.png	diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey
images/img_05620.png	to give the system a trial , adding that it was being
images/img_05621.png	system a trial , adding that it was being cultivated with extraordinary
images/img_05622.png	Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05623.png	success in France and Italy , and that he himself was being treated
images/img_05624.png	under a doctor who had studied under its founder , the aged Dr.
images/img_05625.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law , the
images/img_05626.png	diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey to give the
images/img_05627.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law , the
images/img_05628.png	diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey
images/img_05629.png	to give the system a trial , adding that it was being cultivated
images/img_05630.png	with extraordinary success in France and Italy , and that he
images/img_05631.png	under its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05632.png	himself was being treated under a doctor who had studied
images/img_05633.png	success in France and Italy , and that he
images/img_05634.png	himself was being treated under a doctor who
images/img_05635.png	that it was being cultivated with extraordinary
images/img_05636.png	Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05637.png	advise Anglesey to give the system a trial , adding
images/img_05638.png	had studied under its founder , the aged
images/img_05639.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law ,
images/img_05640.png	the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to
images/img_05641.png	Italy , and that he himself was being treated under a
images/img_05642.png	the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise
images/img_05643.png	being cultivated with extraordinary success in France and
images/img_05644.png	doctor who had studied under its founder , the aged
images/img_05645.png	Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05646.png	Anglesey to give the system a trial , adding that it was
images/img_05647.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law ,
images/img_05648.png	with extraordinary success in France and
images/img_05649.png	treated under a doctor who had studied
images/img_05650.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-
images/img_05651.png	Italy , and that he himself was being
images/img_05652.png	a trial , adding that it was being cultivated
images/img_05653.png	written to advise Anglesey to give the system
images/img_05654.png	in-law , the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had
images/img_05655.png	Hahnemann .
images/img_05656.png	under its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel
images/img_05657.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law ,
images/img_05658.png	was being cultivated with extraordinary success in
images/img_05659.png	France and Italy , and that he himself was being
images/img_05660.png	Anglesey to give the system a trial , adding that it
images/img_05661.png	its founder , the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05662.png	treated under a doctor who had studied under
images/img_05663.png	the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise
images/img_05664.png	Italy , and that he himself was being treated under a
images/img_05665.png	Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05666.png	In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law , the
images/img_05667.png	diplomatist Lord Ponsonby , had written to advise Anglesey
images/img_05668.png	cultivated with extraordinary success in France and
images/img_05669.png	doctor who had studied under its founder , the aged
images/img_05670.png	to give the system a trial , adding that it was being
images/img_05671.png	cultivated with extraordinary success in
images/img_05672.png	being treated under a doctor who had
images/img_05673.png	Dr. Samuel Hahnemann .
images/img_05674.png	In April of that year his first wife's
images/img_05675.png	France and Italy , and that he himself was
images/img_05676.png	brother-in-law , the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby ,
images/img_05677.png	had written to advise Anglesey to give the
images/img_05678.png	system a trial , adding that it was being
images/img_05679.png	studied under its founder , the aged
images/img_05680.png	among unorthodox medical men in the cities
images/img_05681.png	Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey consulted
images/img_05682.png	as ' more like a God upon earth than a human
images/img_05683.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05684.png	being ' , had an increasing number of disciples
images/img_05685.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later
images/img_05686.png	in # May 1834 .
images/img_05687.png	of Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan ,
images/img_05688.png	later as ' more like a God upon earth than
images/img_05689.png	of disciples among unorthodox medical men
images/img_05690.png	was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro ,
images/img_05691.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
images/img_05692.png	in the cities of Europe . One of these
images/img_05693.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05694.png	a human being ' , had an increasing number
images/img_05695.png	whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05696.png	disciples among unorthodox medical men in the
images/img_05697.png	cities of Europe . One of these was the
images/img_05698.png	a human being ' , had an increasing number of
images/img_05699.png	consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05700.png	later as ' more like a God upon earth than
images/img_05701.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05702.png	Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey
images/img_05703.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
images/img_05704.png	' more like a God upon earth than a human being ' ,
images/img_05705.png	had an increasing number of disciples among unorthodox
images/img_05706.png	consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05707.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
images/img_05708.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05709.png	was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey
images/img_05710.png	medical men in the cities of Europe . One of these
images/img_05711.png	of disciples among unorthodox medical men in the cities of
images/img_05712.png	described to Anglesey a year or two later as ' more like a God
images/img_05713.png	whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05714.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis Burdett
images/img_05715.png	Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro ,
images/img_05716.png	upon earth than a human being ' , had an increasing number
images/img_05717.png	to Anglesey a year or two later as ' more like a God upon earth
images/img_05718.png	unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe . One of these was
images/img_05719.png	than a human being ' , had an increasing number of disciples among
images/img_05720.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis Burdett described
images/img_05721.png	the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey consulted in
images/img_05722.png	May 1834 .
images/img_05723.png	increasing number of disciples among unorthodox medical
images/img_05724.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05725.png	men in the cities of Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan ,
images/img_05726.png	Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05727.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
images/img_05728.png	' more like a God upon earth than a human being ' , had an
images/img_05729.png	had an increasing number of disciples among
images/img_05730.png	One of these was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro ,
images/img_05731.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
images/img_05732.png	' more like a God upon earth than a human being ' ,
images/img_05733.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05734.png	unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe .
images/img_05735.png	whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05736.png	medical men in the cities of Europe . One of these
images/img_05737.png	' more like a God upon earth than a human being ' , had
images/img_05738.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
images/img_05739.png	Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05740.png	an increasing number of disciples among unorthodox
images/img_05741.png	was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom
images/img_05742.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05743.png	year or two later as ' more like a God
images/img_05744.png	of Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan ,
images/img_05745.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir
images/img_05746.png	consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05747.png	upon earth than a human being ' , had
images/img_05748.png	Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a
images/img_05749.png	Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey
images/img_05750.png	an increasing number of disciples among
images/img_05751.png	unorthodox medical men in the cities
images/img_05752.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir
images/img_05753.png	a human being ' , had an increasing number of
images/img_05754.png	May 1834 .
images/img_05755.png	Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey consulted in
images/img_05756.png	disciples among unorthodox medical men in the
images/img_05757.png	Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
images/img_05758.png	cities of Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan ,
images/img_05759.png	later as ' more like a God upon earth than
images/img_05760.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir Francis
images/img_05761.png	Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
images/img_05762.png	unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe .
images/img_05763.png	whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05764.png	had an increasing number of disciples among
images/img_05765.png	One of these was the Neapolitan , Dr Giuseppe Mauro ,
images/img_05766.png	' more like a God upon earth than a human being ' ,
images/img_05767.png	This remarkable man of medicine , whom Sir
images/img_05768.png	consulted in May 1834 .
images/img_05769.png	year or two later as ' more like a God
images/img_05770.png	increasing number of disciples among
images/img_05771.png	unorthodox medical men in the cities of
images/img_05772.png	Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a
images/img_05773.png	upon earth than a human being ' , had an
images/img_05774.png	Europe . One of these was the Neapolitan ,
images/img_05775.png	Dr Giuseppe Mauro , whom Anglesey
images/img_05776.png	In doing so he described his distinguished patient
images/img_05777.png	and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann that he
images/img_05778.png	persevering , ' but he appears to despair of ever
images/img_05779.png	found Anglesey a strong , energetic man with a
images/img_05780.png	and sedate , not easily irritated , patient and
images/img_05781.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice .
images/img_05782.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05783.png	# being cured . '
images/img_05784.png	gentle and charming character , even-tempered
images/img_05785.png	despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05786.png	with a gentle and charming character ,
images/img_05787.png	patient and persevering , ' but he appears to
images/img_05788.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05789.png	advice . In doing so he described his distinguished
images/img_05790.png	that he found Anglesey a strong , energetic man
images/img_05791.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for
images/img_05792.png	patient and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann
images/img_05793.png	even-tempered and sedate , not easily irritated ,
images/img_05794.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05795.png	patient and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann
images/img_05796.png	that he found Anglesey a strong , energetic man
images/img_05797.png	# persevering , ' but he appears to despair of
images/img_05798.png	advice . In doing so he described his distinguished
images/img_05799.png	and sedate , not easily irritated , patient and
images/img_05800.png	ever being cured . '
images/img_05801.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for
images/img_05802.png	with a gentle and charming character , even-tempered
images/img_05803.png	In doing so he described his distinguished patient
images/img_05804.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05805.png	easily irritated , patient and persevering ,
images/img_05806.png	' but he appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05807.png	Anglesey a strong , energetic man with a gentle and
images/img_05808.png	and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann that he found
images/img_05809.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice .
images/img_05810.png	charming character , even-tempered and sedate , not
images/img_05811.png	described his distinguished patient and his symptoms . He
images/img_05812.png	man with a gentle and charming character , even-tempered
images/img_05813.png	' but he appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05814.png	and sedate , not easily irritated , patient and persevering ,
images/img_05815.png	Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice . In doing so he
images/img_05816.png	told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a strong , energetic
images/img_05817.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master at
images/img_05818.png	character , even-tempered and sedate , not easily irritated , patient and
images/img_05819.png	near Leipzig , asking for advice . In doing so he described his
images/img_05820.png	found Anglesey a strong , energetic man with a gentle and charming
images/img_05821.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master at Ko"then ,
images/img_05822.png	distinguished patient and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann that he
images/img_05823.png	persevering , ' but he appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05824.png	described his distinguished patient and his symptoms . He told
images/img_05825.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
images/img_05826.png	at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice . In doing so he
images/img_05827.png	sedate , not easily irritated , patient and persevering , ' but he
images/img_05828.png	with a gentle and charming character , even-tempered and
images/img_05829.png	appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05830.png	Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a strong , energetic man
images/img_05831.png	at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice . In doing
images/img_05832.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
images/img_05833.png	so he described his distinguished patient and his
images/img_05834.png	irritated , patient and persevering , ' but he appears
images/img_05835.png	to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05836.png	character , even-tempered and sedate , not easily
images/img_05837.png	symptoms . He told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey
images/img_05838.png	a strong , energetic man with a gentle and charming
images/img_05839.png	he described his distinguished patient and his symptoms .
images/img_05840.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
images/img_05841.png	cured . '
images/img_05842.png	energetic man with a gentle and charming character ,
images/img_05843.png	at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice . In doing so
images/img_05844.png	and persevering , ' but he appears to despair of ever being
images/img_05845.png	even-tempered and sedate , not easily irritated , patient
images/img_05846.png	He told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a strong ,
images/img_05847.png	cured . '
images/img_05848.png	irritated , patient and persevering , ' but
images/img_05849.png	he appears to despair of ever being
images/img_05850.png	advice . In doing so he described his distinguished
images/img_05851.png	patient and his symptoms . He told Hahnemann
images/img_05852.png	even-tempered and sedate , not easily
images/img_05853.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for
images/img_05854.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05855.png	man with a gentle and charming character ,
images/img_05856.png	that he found Anglesey a strong , energetic
images/img_05857.png	charming character , even-tempered and sedate ,
images/img_05858.png	for advice . In doing so he described his
images/img_05859.png	told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a
images/img_05860.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05861.png	distinguished patient and his symptoms . He
images/img_05862.png	strong , energetic man with a gentle and
images/img_05863.png	not easily irritated , patient and persevering ,
images/img_05864.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking
images/img_05865.png	' but he appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05866.png	' but he appears to despair of ever being cured . '
images/img_05867.png	Anglesey a strong , energetic man with a gentle and
images/img_05868.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
images/img_05869.png	not easily irritated , patient and persevering ,
images/img_05870.png	charming character , even-tempered and sedate ,
images/img_05871.png	In doing so he described his distinguished patient and
images/img_05872.png	master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking for advice .
images/img_05873.png	his symptoms . He told Hahnemann that he found
images/img_05874.png	persevering , ' but he appears to despair
images/img_05875.png	revered master at Ko"then , near Leipzig , asking
images/img_05876.png	distinguished patient and his symptoms . He
images/img_05877.png	sedate , not easily irritated , patient and
images/img_05878.png	strong , energetic man with a gentle and
images/img_05879.png	for advice . In doing so he described his
images/img_05880.png	of ever being cured . '
images/img_05881.png	told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a
images/img_05882.png	Mauro's first action was to write to his
images/img_05883.png	charming character , even-tempered and
images/img_05884.png	and of course with lower tax reliefs and
images/img_05885.png	couples ( probably because of the
images/img_05886.png	many of which were incomplete families
images/img_05887.png	of younger parents with lower earnings ,
images/img_05888.png	was appreciably higher in families with
images/img_05889.png	several children than in those with only ,
images/img_05890.png	incomes between 1954 and 1959 was great-
images/img_05891.png	no family allowances . The rise in net family
images/img_05892.png	est for childless couples , especially older
images/img_05893.png	Nevertheless , average net family income
images/img_05894.png	couples and couples with one child .
images/img_05895.png	children and those with one child , and much smaller
images/img_05896.png	showed increases of 4 to 6 per cent for couples without
images/img_05897.png	index , which has risen only slowly since 1956 , was
images/img_05898.png	households and by 1-2 per cent for younger childless
images/img_05899.png	changes for couples with several children . The quantity
images/img_05900.png	almost unchanged in 1959 for couples with two or more
images/img_05901.png	children , but rose by 3 per cent in the older two-adult
images/img_05902.png	Compared with 1958 , the expenditure index for 1959
images/img_05903.png	As in 1958 , younger couples paid some 12 1/2 per cent
images/img_05904.png	compares the prices paid by different types of household
images/img_05905.png	for whom the index declined from 91 to 88 . Table 27
images/img_05906.png	diet in 1959 .
images/img_05907.png	for the commodities constituting the average household
images/img_05908.png	more per calorie than the national average , and families
images/img_05909.png	with four or more children 19 per cent less . The only
images/img_05910.png	substantial change was in families with three children ,
images/img_05911.png	also shows the corresponding values of an index which
images/img_05912.png	in younger two-adult households to 4.8 per cent below in families with
images/img_05913.png	all households in the sample .
images/img_05914.png	four or more children , compared with +3.6 to -5.4 per cent in 1958
images/img_05915.png	For all foods the range was from 3.6 per cent above the national average
images/img_05916.png	in which the index fell by 1.8 to 97.5 per cent of the average for
images/img_05917.png	and +2.8 to -2.6 per cent in 1957 . As with the price of energy index ,
images/img_05918.png	the only noteworthy change was for households with three children ,
images/img_05919.png	which have been carried out .
images/img_05920.png	are highway payments , clearance payments ( for clearing remains of
images/img_05921.png	5 . Other forms of war damage payment made by the Commission
images/img_05922.png	differing in certain important ways from the ordinary cost of
images/img_05923.png	structures from " total loss " sites ) and church payments . Although
images/img_05924.png	works payments , the sums paid under these heads have the
images/img_05925.png	common feature that they are all payments in respect of works
images/img_05926.png	the answer . Disturbed by vague uneasiness , she
images/img_05927.png	on that point , for she was certain no one
images/img_05928.png	could not have overheard anything they
images/img_05929.png	her fan , in passing ; but she did not wait for
images/img_05930.png	asked idly , tapping the girl's cheek lightly with
images/img_05931.png	had been standing near them .
images/img_05932.png	' Are you enjoying yourself , Olimpia ? ' she
images/img_05933.png	was wondering whether Olimpia had been
images/img_05934.png	watching her talk with Orsini . Surely she
images/img_05935.png	said ? A moment's reflection reassured her
images/img_05936.png	put Vittoria on guard . ' Santa Maria ! These spying
images/img_05937.png	stopping on the way , to point out , with childish pride ,
images/img_05938.png	information , which held no interest for her :
images/img_05939.png	fringe of the party , caught snatches of this
images/img_05940.png	objects of beauty or interest . Vittoria , on the
images/img_05941.png	' ... now this sapphire ...
images/img_05942.png	However , something inimical in the girl's look
images/img_05943.png	eyes ! ' she thought , bitterly . Doria was continually
images/img_05944.png	leisurely fashion his few possessions into a ramshackle and
images/img_05945.png	along . " To her great relief they arrived at the cluster of little houses
images/img_05946.png	where Hubert had been living to find the old man stowing in
images/img_05947.png	said shortly . " Personally I 've no more to say , so I suggest we get
images/img_05948.png	in her quivering flesh . " You 've an answer - of sorts - for everything , " she
images/img_05949.png	incredibly ancient car , surrounded by innumerable friends and relatives .
images/img_05950.png	She was tempted to laugh , but it was as though that barb still stuck
images/img_05951.png	everything had gone over her head . It didn't really
images/img_05952.png	matter what was being said because she was
images/img_05953.png	face pale . Philip , she knew , got on his nerves , but
images/img_05954.png	retorted and in that second , he became the man of
images/img_05955.png	success exerting authority . Sandra watched her father's
images/img_05956.png	Philip bristled . ' It was never our intention
images/img_05957.png	no longer a part of it .
images/img_05958.png	to have one of those carnival affairs , ' he
images/img_05959.png	The thought of Nicholas haunted her , the sense of
images/img_05960.png	of our friends at the ceremony . '
images/img_05961.png	he said , ' I was not talking of a carnival . But I
images/img_05962.png	presume we shall be allowed to have one or two
images/img_05963.png	loss crucifying . Her father's comment roused her as
images/img_05964.png	their share , and there were precious few
images/img_05965.png	self-employed . By the time his monthly salary
images/img_05966.png	reductions in tax save for wives , children ,
images/img_05967.png	drawn between ordinary wage-earners and those
images/img_05968.png	He had long sensed injustice in the distinctions
images/img_05969.png	encumbrances which Cecil had so far avoided .
images/img_05970.png	life-insurances or any of the other normal
images/img_05971.png	arrived , the Inland Revenue had already taken
images/img_05972.png	postponed demanding the tax until her financial year
images/img_05973.png	process could , and often did take several years .
images/img_05974.png	was ended , audited and agreed by the Inspector . The
images/img_05975.png	to claim relief on the most unlikely purchases , but also
images/img_05976.png	provisions of Schedule D taxation which not only allowed her
images/img_05977.png	He read the film star's sorry story and frowned at the
images/img_05978.png	At one point the astute Miss Cheesecake
images/img_05979.png	chase of several mink coats which ,
images/img_05980.png	to a depreciation tax allowance
images/img_05981.png	as plant and machinery . The
images/img_05982.png	that the warm coats were heating
images/img_05983.png	had claimed tax relief on the pur-
images/img_05984.png	it seemed , were necessary to fur-
images/img_05985.png	appliances and therefore susceptible
images/img_05986.png	was reported , she tearfully claimed
images/img_05987.png	ther her career . Alternatively , it
images/img_05988.png	three of which were in her husband's name ,
images/img_05989.png	Royce and a Sussex manor house , all
images/img_05990.png	agreement had been delayed long enough for
images/img_05991.png	Discounting one chinchilla jacket , a Rolls-
images/img_05992.png	by rights should have been reserved for her tax .
images/img_05993.png	Miss Cheesecake to spend all the money which
images/img_05994.png	she now declared herself bankrupt .
images/img_05995.png	Between all the interested parties , the final
images/img_05996.png	and Cecil , with a further six stops
images/img_05997.png	tax relief for a jacket used
images/img_05998.png	had had with the Inland Reve-
images/img_05999.png	The train drew into another station
images/img_06000.png	is a condition of your employment , '
images/img_06001.png	nue in an effort to obtain
images/img_06002.png	solely in the office . ' If the jacket
images/img_06003.png	to go , was left almost alone in the
images/img_06004.png	qualify for relief . '
images/img_06005.png	the Inspector had written , ' it may
images/img_06006.png	coach . He fumed as he recol-
images/img_06007.png	lected the long correspondence he
images/img_06008.png	It was a new briefcase , and as the train jogged along
images/img_06009.png	' It 's not mine . I wasn't sitting there . ' She blinked
images/img_06010.png	the shiny clasp twinkled invitingly at Cecil .
images/img_06011.png	He wondered what it contained . Probably the remains
images/img_06012.png	of someone's lunch or a few secret files .
images/img_06013.png	He smiled at his own joke .
images/img_06014.png	disdainfully at him and stepped out .
images/img_06015.png	when he shook the case there was a rustling thud
images/img_06016.png	five thousand at least . ' He felt in his jacket pocket
images/img_06017.png	his own briefcase key , a suitcase key and a
images/img_06018.png	It was locked . Eager fingers felt bulky contents and
images/img_06019.png	and pulled out a key ring . In succession he tried
images/img_06020.png	of wads of paper . ' Cor ! ' he muttered aloud , ' there 's
images/img_06021.png	device designed to lock typewriters .
images/img_06022.png	bent wire loop into the lock and
images/img_06023.png	There was a click and the
images/img_06024.png	briefcase opened . Cecil thrust an
images/img_06025.png	Cecil searched in his pockets once
images/img_06026.png	pound notes .
images/img_06027.png	paper-clips . After a few seconds
images/img_06028.png	of twisting , he roughly thrust a
images/img_06029.png	more and came up with two
images/img_06030.png	waggled it around vigorously .
images/img_06031.png	groping after wads of five
images/img_06032.png	eager hand inside , his fingers
images/img_06033.png	They closed on a single bundle and , fumbling with
images/img_06034.png	side . ' Old fashioned fivers ! ' he muttered again , and
images/img_06035.png	rested on a wad of stiff white paper printed on one
images/img_06036.png	alone on polite request .
images/img_06037.png	break their promise to pay on rude demand , let
images/img_06038.png	nervous excitement , he pulled it out . His eye
images/img_06039.png	Govr. and Compa. of the Bank of England would never
images/img_06040.png	tried to recall if they were still legal tender . Surely the
images/img_06041.png	bore , in large Baskerville type , the words METROPOLITAN
images/img_06042.png	glowered at his own breach of social morality .
images/img_06043.png	COURSE NO. 3 . He ruffled the sheets irritably and
images/img_06044.png	Cecil frowned in disappointment as he focussed upon the
images/img_06045.png	MONOTECHNIC INSTITUTE ADVANCED ACCOUNTANCY
images/img_06046.png	at all . He was holding a paper booklet , the top sheet of which
images/img_06047.png	printing to find no Govr. , no Compa. , in fact no five pound notes
images/img_06048.png	briefcase at the ticket-collector with the firm
images/img_06049.png	guilt-symbol upon the ticket-collector and then
images/img_06050.png	He climbed the stairs , eager to unload the
images/img_06051.png	intention of playing the dutiful citizen
images/img_06052.png	fumbled for his contract before thrusting the
images/img_06053.png	to emerge carrying his shame unseen , but burning ,
images/img_06054.png	into the night . He reached the barrier and
images/img_06055.png	retrieving lost property .
images/img_06056.png	into the darkness .
images/img_06057.png	stretched out a hand . ' Watch your step there , sir ! Your briefcase
images/img_06058.png	is hanging open . You 'll have someone shoving their hot
images/img_06059.png	little hands inside . Here , I 'll do it . ' The collector pressed the twinkling
images/img_06060.png	Before he could open his mouth , the collector
images/img_06061.png	catch home with a click . Cecil , irretrievably laden with
images/img_06062.png	Sentence Database
images/img_06063.png	both briefcase and conscience , stumbled away
images/img_06064.png	Trunk and Greppes Tannin-free Tea .
images/img_06065.png	they had once obtained as a free gift in exchange
images/img_06066.png	and the polished brass fourteen-pounder shell-case
images/img_06067.png	case into hiding between the do-it-yourself cupboard
images/img_06068.png	the hall as he opened the front door . He nodded irritably
images/img_06069.png	brella stand . ' You 're later than usual , aren't you ? '
images/img_06070.png	His mother tidied her grey hair in the hall-mirror
images/img_06071.png	and , turning his back to her , contrived to slide the brief-
images/img_06072.png	for the labels from half a hundredweight of
images/img_06073.png	' HELLO , CECIL . HAD a busy day ? ' His mother came into
images/img_06074.png	which served respectively as coat cupboard and um-
images/img_06075.png	easy on the immersion heater . ' What is it ,
images/img_06076.png	fuss , mother ! I 'm quite well and no more
images/img_06077.png	tired than usual , and we finished the gin
images/img_06078.png	asked solicitously . ' You do look tired .
images/img_06079.png	Cecil ? Don't you feel well ? ' his mother
images/img_06080.png	in tax-free champagne whilst he had to go
images/img_06081.png	inequity of Miss Cheesecake well-nigh bathing
images/img_06082.png	last week , you know that . '
images/img_06083.png	Go and get yourself a drink . ' ' Don't
images/img_06084.png	Cecil gritted his teeth and glowered at the
images/img_06085.png	Nobody 's tired . Now just you run along
images/img_06086.png	Cecil stepped towards the dining room . ' I 'm
images/img_06087.png	dinner ready . '
images/img_06088.png	and I 'm NOT irritable . ' ' Very well then . ' His
images/img_06089.png	upstairs and wash your hands whilst I get
images/img_06090.png	sure you must be tired , ' his mother insisted .
images/img_06091.png	mother nodded with understanding . ' You 're not tired .
images/img_06092.png	' You 're very irritable , anyway . ' ' I 'm NOT tired
images/img_06093.png	of a mother who had failed to realise that a son
images/img_06094.png	the treads . ' And don't wipe the dirt off on the
images/img_06095.png	climb the stairs , stamping with unnecessary vigour upon
images/img_06096.png	Cecil wriggled irritably under the misplaced management
images/img_06097.png	towel like you did yesterday .
images/img_06098.png	who is nearly bald is no longer a baby . He started to
images/img_06099.png	against the brass umbrella stand . ' Well now ! ' She hurried
images/img_06100.png	towards it and picked it up .
images/img_06101.png	a tinkle and a thud from beside the coat cupboard . Cecil's
images/img_06102.png	mother turned around in time to see the briefcase collapse
images/img_06103.png	you know how she has a good look round everywhere . ' There was
images/img_06104.png	Your Auntie Edie 's coming in for a cup of tea later and
images/img_06105.png	what it 's all about . ' Cecil halted in
images/img_06106.png	you 'd been extravagant . '
images/img_06107.png	What 's all about ? ' he hissed without
images/img_06108.png	irritable . You thought that I 'd think
images/img_06109.png	briefcase . ' So that 's why you are so
images/img_06110.png	' What have we here ? A new briefcase ! So THAT 'S
images/img_06111.png	turning round . She pointed to the
images/img_06112.png	clenched his fists . ' So that 's what
images/img_06113.png	mid-step near the top of the stairs and
images/img_06114.png	after him . ' Mother knows her boy .
images/img_06115.png	the stairs and , snatching the case , ran back
images/img_06116.png	Arnold Olner
images/img_06117.png	' But I 'm NOT irritable ! ' He rushed down
images/img_06118.png	upstairs with it . ' And I 've NOT been
images/img_06119.png	extravagant . ' " Naughty ! ' she called
images/img_06120.png	after layer of illusion to be peeled off and
images/img_06121.png	a buyer of property . No , not even an
images/img_06122.png	In spite of all the transferred maternity
images/img_06123.png	that innocence was colossal . It had layer
images/img_06124.png	infant-in-arms but a new-born babe , a
images/img_06125.png	premature piece of frailty in an oxygen-
images/img_06126.png	tent of utter innocence . The complexity of
images/img_06127.png	she was endowed with by her patients ,
images/img_06128.png	poor Serena was an infant-in-arms as
images/img_06129.png	replaced with sad knowledgeability .
images/img_06130.png	holiday while the whole transaction was
images/img_06131.png	It was a nakedness of nai"vety to be
images/img_06132.png	day , choose one , make an offer , put it in
images/img_06133.png	put through .
images/img_06134.png	of experience . Her first illusion consisted in
images/img_06135.png	clothed leaf by leaf with the disappointment
images/img_06136.png	the belief that all she need do was to go to
images/img_06137.png	an agent , visit half a dozen houses in one
images/img_06138.png	the hands of a lawyer and go away on her
images/img_06139.png	on a small pink terraced cottage , two beds ,
images/img_06140.png	first thing she did was to make an offer
images/img_06141.png	two inter-comm. rec. , mod. k. and b. , sep. W.C.
images/img_06142.png	Fortunately , however , the fashion for Victorian
images/img_06143.png	at last and therefore saved the situation for
images/img_06144.png	the affluent middle-class , who now had plenty
images/img_06145.png	architecture which Mr. John Betjeman had
images/img_06146.png	Serena discovered , and more , but in stages . For the
images/img_06147.png	of lovely-ugly to be coldly elegant in . All this
images/img_06148.png	started several decades before had caught on
images/img_06149.png	small back yard , newly dec. , near shops and tube
images/img_06150.png	red pounds . The lawyer said :
images/img_06151.png	seemed to her the princely sum of six hund-
images/img_06152.png	she could not afford to buy a house at all .
images/img_06153.png	to save the ten percent needed . Or so she
images/img_06154.png	And this in spite of having at last managed
images/img_06155.png	The next thing that Serena discovered was that
images/img_06156.png	thought , being then in possession of what
images/img_06157.png	" Of course you must count about two hundred
images/img_06158.png	tered . I take it you have a mortgage lined
images/img_06159.png	then ? "
images/img_06160.png	maybe less , depending on the price of the
images/img_06161.png	up , then , Mrs. - er - Buttery ? " " Not yet ,
images/img_06162.png	sure . " " Er , yes . You have some securities ,
images/img_06163.png	for legal charges and stamp duties ,
images/img_06164.png	house , and whether it has been regis-
images/img_06165.png	but the bank would give me a loan , I 'm
images/img_06166.png	and yellow sleepy dust in the corners of his pale
images/img_06167.png	with the finger-nail of the opposite hand .
images/img_06168.png	tried to make up for it by constantly paring them
images/img_06169.png	suit , cigarette ash down the front , an ashen face
images/img_06170.png	His aspect was as dusty as his office , with scurf
images/img_06171.png	grey eyes . His finger-nails were dirty , though he
images/img_06172.png	from dusty hair on the dusty shoulders of his black
images/img_06173.png	they 're not - money-lenders ? " " Mrs. - er - Buttery ,
images/img_06174.png	dazzled and gave a long raucous cough . " Only
images/img_06175.png	cigarettes worth smoking , these . Most unhealthy , English
images/img_06176.png	this property ... . " " But , they 're safe , are they ? I mean ,
images/img_06177.png	" Yes , well ... . " He judged that she had been sufficiently
images/img_06178.png	all mortgage companies are money-lenders .
images/img_06179.png	some people who might , I say might , let you have a mortgage on
images/img_06180.png	ones . Well , now , let me see . I think I can put you onto
images/img_06181.png	them . The little man from the Inter-Insular
images/img_06182.png	Buttery . I think , however , that you might have
images/img_06183.png	property you intend to purchase . " She revised
images/img_06184.png	saw to that .
images/img_06185.png	( British Archipelago ) Insurance Company soon
images/img_06186.png	" I know what you mean . You may trust me , Mrs.
images/img_06187.png	That 's rather the point , isn't it ? " " No , but I mean - "
images/img_06188.png	to revise your ideas about - er - the type of
images/img_06189.png	" you must be living in the nineteenth century . "
images/img_06190.png	reasons , or you might leave him . " " But how
images/img_06191.png	or building societies , for that matter , will
images/img_06192.png	" Oh , but it 's a very general rule , Mrs. Buttery ,
images/img_06193.png	might stop work to have - well , for all sorts of
images/img_06194.png	at all . It 's a rule of I.I.I. You see , you
images/img_06195.png	you 'll find that no insurance companies ,
images/img_06196.png	utterly extraordinary , " said Serena angrily ,
images/img_06197.png	allow for the wife's earnings .
images/img_06198.png	I 'm afraid we can't take yours into account
images/img_06199.png	difficult with self-employed persons , carry two .
images/img_06200.png	that would come to ... three , carry seven , six
images/img_06201.png	" Clacton's . " " Well , I 'm damned . " " Now , let me see ,
images/img_06202.png	you say your husband earns about ... yes ,
images/img_06203.png	nines are fifty four - of course we 'd have to
images/img_06204.png	Our lawyers - " " Who are your lawyers ? "
images/img_06205.png	have some sort of proof , you know , it 's very
images/img_06206.png	Yes . I 'm afraid we couldn't raise this loan to more
images/img_06207.png	before the green belt , lovely and modern , you know .
images/img_06208.png	Grimstead for three thousand , that 's where I live , just
images/img_06209.png	house built earlier than 1918 . "
images/img_06210.png	could get quite a nice little semi-detached house in
images/img_06211.png	I forgot to tell you , we don't usually lend any
images/img_06212.png	than three thousand three fifty at the most . Now you
images/img_06213.png	and some in West Hampstead for four two fifty ,
images/img_06214.png	had gone , " we can get three thousand three fifty ,
images/img_06215.png	a bit . I 'm sure you could raise the rest from
images/img_06216.png	and write them later . I 've got a bit owing too .
images/img_06217.png	perhaps a little more if we can cheat your earnings
images/img_06218.png	Now , I saw some flats in Hendon for four thou ,
images/img_06219.png	" You see , " she propounded to Rupert after her last patient
images/img_06220.png	our own bathroom .
images/img_06221.png	one of your publishers , get two books commissioned
images/img_06222.png	two beds , two reception , k. and b. , just think ,
images/img_06223.png	Much more spacious than that poky little cottage ,
images/img_06224.png	reception room was too small when divided
images/img_06225.png	and too big when not .
images/img_06226.png	which wasn't a bit practical really , the
images/img_06227.png	Vence is a sober spot , half way between small
images/img_06228.png	tree-heavy square you can sit in the autumn
images/img_06229.png	sip pastis and read the local newspapers .
images/img_06230.png	sunshine , still burning like a half-cooled iron ,
images/img_06231.png	town and village , pigeon grey , sly with arches , and
images/img_06232.png	linked by a whispering plot of fountains . In the main
images/img_06233.png	had firmly closed the door in our noses .
images/img_06234.png	hunting for furnished rooms , and had given up , when an
images/img_06235.png	is a smart but modest bar called Pierre's Bar . For one
images/img_06236.png	elderly lady , the owner of a residence called the Poet's Nest ,
images/img_06237.png	of our arrival it was throwing huge over-ripe verbal
images/img_06238.png	tomatoes at General de Gaulle . One side of this square
images/img_06239.png	day , with the help of the Syndicat d'Initiative , we had been
images/img_06240.png	One called La Patriote is Communist , and at the time
images/img_06241.png	she decided Pierre would solve our problems . This
images/img_06242.png	yellow as lemon peel , wrestling with some gnawing rat
images/img_06243.png	a good address . ' Now , after a woman's radar look ,
images/img_06244.png	accumulation of money .
images/img_06245.png	was true , Pierre was a true Provenc*?6al , thin and
images/img_06246.png	of an illness , man of all trades , married to a commanding
images/img_06247.png	lady who loved small talk and the discreet
images/img_06248.png	' It is a pity , ' said Mart , ' because it would have been
images/img_06249.png	month . ' Yes , ' we said immediately , even before viewing .
images/img_06250.png	elderly , well-off , artistic , who , you felt , had made a hard
images/img_06251.png	We went in . There were a few people in the bar ,
images/img_06252.png	Pierre , ' and all mod cons . ' The price was 16,000 francs a
images/img_06253.png	bargain for giving up . ' I have furnished rooms , ' said
images/img_06254.png	We were shown around by Pierre .
images/img_06255.png	We were woken up twice about dawn by a soft
images/img_06256.png	first night's sleeping was like a long convalescence .
images/img_06257.png	The flat was on the third floor ; two rooms ; soft Provenc*?
images/img_06258.png	6al view ; good intimate furnishing and colour ; running
images/img_06259.png	hot water from Butagas installation for washing-up ,
images/img_06260.png	eruption of turtle-doves .
images/img_06261.png	basin and bidet ; own private , modern lavatory . The
images/img_06262.png	shame .
images/img_06263.png	curling white breath of the mountains . The land looked
images/img_06264.png	' turtledove ' . Pierre Turtledove . When we woke up properly it
images/img_06265.png	looked out of the windows at the weeping trees and the
images/img_06266.png	This was strange , even magic , because the owner's
images/img_06267.png	name was Pierre Tortorolo which , in Nicoison Italian means
images/img_06268.png	like a beaten woman and the turtle-doves cried her
images/img_06269.png	was raining , an even more hopeless rain than London , and we
images/img_06270.png	We had a morning at Pierre's . He talked about people .
images/img_06271.png	immolated on a nearby roof top , the other pair copulating .
images/img_06272.png	The Lover of Lady Chatterly .
images/img_06273.png	Four of them were flattened on the window sills , two
images/img_06274.png	four years . During this period he wrote a book ,
images/img_06275.png	There they were , in fact , below us , eight of them .
images/img_06276.png	Marc Chagall used to live here and an Englishman named
images/img_06277.png	Lawrence . He was here , near the railway station , three or
images/img_06278.png	sat in the square reading the Patriote .
images/img_06279.png	sun came out ; Mart went shopping ; I
images/img_06280.png	him , he was one of the crowd . The
images/img_06281.png	reading . Lawrence died in this very place .
images/img_06282.png	No , he hadn't read it ; Madame did all the
images/img_06283.png	again . No , he couldn't really remember
images/img_06284.png	He used to come to Pierre's Bar again and
images/img_06285.png	There was a front-page rear-attack on de
images/img_06286.png	ingenious , but mad film director of the
images/img_06287.png	Raphael . All the murders were well documented
images/img_06288.png	Thirties .
images/img_06289.png	the Mediterranean between Corsica and St
images/img_06290.png	Gaulle , and the rest of the paper was given up
images/img_06291.png	to murders , apart for an outcry against a
images/img_06292.png	and had the air of being written by an
images/img_06293.png	proposal to drop radio-active material into
images/img_06294.png	Monsieur H , for instance , had been clubbed and
images/img_06295.png	Then again , Monsieur V , owing to family
images/img_06296.png	before the father-in-law telephoned the police .
images/img_06297.png	father-in-law , after muddling up some sheep
images/img_06298.png	They mostly occurred in lonely farm-houses .
images/img_06299.png	while the worse for drink . The family
images/img_06300.png	troubles , had written to the local
images/img_06301.png	group then sat down for a late lunch
images/img_06302.png	throttled to death by his wife , children and
images/img_06303.png	informing them that he was on the point
images/img_06304.png	paper and the superintendent of police ,
images/img_06305.png	which again left his household goods
images/img_06306.png	that the walls were porous and the
images/img_06307.png	a few minutes later from a nearby village ,
images/img_06308.png	actually reported in the next issue ) returned
images/img_06309.png	apologising for the trouble , but explaining
images/img_06310.png	surrounded by firemen and other officials ,
images/img_06311.png	gas had escaped . General relief was
images/img_06312.png	but there was no Monsieur V. He telephoned
images/img_06313.png	Monsieur V's house was immediately
images/img_06314.png	expressed , but Monsieur V ( this was
images/img_06315.png	home and shot himself , leaving a note
images/img_06316.png	an elderly farm labourer out for a shoot
images/img_06317.png	same afternoon .
images/img_06318.png	ended well , reported the paper , since the
images/img_06319.png	labourer was able to return to work the
images/img_06320.png	Some grim comic relief was provided by
images/img_06321.png	labourer in the face . All , however ,
images/img_06322.png	was after this very bird and shot the farm-
images/img_06323.png	pellets were easily removed and the
images/img_06324.png	a blackbird . Unfortunately a sporting taxi-driver
images/img_06325.png	who hid himself in a bush and imitated
images/img_06326.png	the hoe . Rising from the flecked sea are
images/img_06327.png	valley with a sea of vines and olives
images/img_06328.png	and beaches of earth pricked to blood by
images/img_06329.png	towns , grey , rose-headed mariners clinging
images/img_06330.png	islands tapering to shipwrecked castles and
images/img_06331.png	You can free-wheel down a quarter of the
images/img_06332.png	like limpets to the rock .
images/img_06333.png	We travelled down to Nice on the Lambretta .
images/img_06334.png	way . In the middle of the journey is a
images/img_06335.png	a muffled bell taps the sky . Here we
images/img_06336.png	heat and cold like the hands of
images/img_06337.png	early smells , the dark bosoms of
images/img_06338.png	friends or strangers , and a flurry of
images/img_06339.png	beech and the thin pine fingers
images/img_06340.png	kissed by the sun .
images/img_06341.png	Cagnes , but between are pockets of
images/img_06342.png	stopped . Down below is the village of
images/img_06343.png	stopped , as in fine weather we always
images/img_06344.png	There is a curd of morning smoke and
images/img_06345.png	to the old sleeping port . This , and
images/img_06346.png	prostitutes , edging past grubby grandeur
images/img_06347.png	sea , blue as a new school exercise
images/img_06348.png	vulgar , out of time , bitter-sweet with
images/img_06349.png	book . The same old Nice , creamy ,
images/img_06350.png	my tongue like spray .
images/img_06351.png	the ghosts of dead monarchs and brilliant
images/img_06352.png	Then here was Nice , and the old holiday
images/img_06353.png	could catch the taste of dead dreams on
images/img_06354.png	Paris , were my ruined pavilions , and I
images/img_06355.png	disaster .
images/img_06356.png	in our eyes . The sea boiled with waves ,
images/img_06357.png	over the Promenade des Anglais . A huge
images/img_06358.png	have a swim . Amazing bedlam rocked
images/img_06359.png	crowd had collected . There were firemen
images/img_06360.png	Negresco , and went to the beach to
images/img_06361.png	they galloped to the walls and spumed
images/img_06362.png	We parked the Lambretta opposite the
images/img_06363.png	eyes of the spectators were hard with
images/img_06364.png	and policemen and ambulances , and the
images/img_06365.png	Mediterranean people to whom nothing
images/img_06366.png	love house , the mad grandmother or the
images/img_06367.png	They all had that neat look of
images/img_06368.png	could ever happen , the chosen sane , the
images/img_06369.png	the bell would ring for them - the gilded
images/img_06370.png	bloody child at the crossroads .
images/img_06371.png	the municipality . Yet , at any time now ,
images/img_06372.png	uncuckolded , unrobbed , sheltered from
images/img_06373.png	disease and accident by doctors , God and
images/img_06374.png	The cool evening perfumes stood
images/img_06375.png	crowd and drove back to Vence .
images/img_06376.png	It was growing cold . We left the
images/img_06377.png	I had to explain the low , sharp and
images/img_06378.png	sweet signals in the air . When we
images/img_06379.png	organs were impaired years ago ) , and
images/img_06380.png	Mart is unable to smell ( her sense
images/img_06381.png	London sickness ( a sense of guilt ,
images/img_06382.png	got back home we felt exhausted .
images/img_06383.png	mingled with the memory of sandwiches
images/img_06384.png	beckoning at the corners of the roads .
images/img_06385.png	opposite Pierre's , I read about the Nice
images/img_06386.png	a woman's . It belonged to a Madame
images/img_06387.png	sun . The next morning , in the square
images/img_06388.png	neighbourhood , and it transpired that
images/img_06389.png	Mart had been right , the body had been
images/img_06390.png	arrangement with the dead lady's sister
images/img_06391.png	N. Enquiries had been made in the
images/img_06392.png	We went straight to bed and slept until
images/img_06393.png	the turtle-doves drummed up the
images/img_06394.png	Madame N's husband had made an
images/img_06395.png	beach catastrophe in the Patriote .
images/img_06396.png	reported her to the police , and then jumped
images/img_06397.png	The sister , able to swim , had returned
images/img_06398.png	off a cliff near Monte Carlo .
images/img_06399.png	to her brother-in-law ( with whom
images/img_06400.png	to the shore , but instead of returning
images/img_06401.png	confessed everything . Her fiance*?2
images/img_06402.png	went to her fiance*?2's house and
images/img_06403.png	she had an illicit relationship ) , she
images/img_06404.png	hair had just been done . She looked
images/img_06405.png	and so were her fashionable shoes . Her
images/img_06406.png	more than ever like a pink and gold
images/img_06407.png	down to visit my young friend Philip
images/img_06408.png	to leave at eleven , but she arrived
images/img_06409.png	at his school in the country , we were
images/img_06410.png	life .
images/img_06411.png	Renoir girl who expects everything from
images/img_06412.png	The day I promised to take Catherine
images/img_06413.png	at nine . Her blue dress was new ,
images/img_06414.png	thing from food to music .
images/img_06415.png	tea , and talked mainly about Philip , who ,
images/img_06416.png	she felt small flats were altogether more
images/img_06417.png	flat with a devotion which said that
images/img_06418.png	Catherine lives in a white house
images/img_06419.png	being 15 , has pure stern tastes in every-
images/img_06420.png	of the river . She helped me clean up my
images/img_06421.png	overlooking the sweeping brown tides
images/img_06422.png	romantic than large houses . We drank
images/img_06423.png	to read on the train . Catherine is 13 .
images/img_06424.png	to let nothing get between her and
images/img_06425.png	ficult , but she said , ' Philip reads them ,
images/img_06426.png	frowning face as she turned the
images/img_06427.png	Catherine looked at the books lying
images/img_06428.png	newspapers and watched her pretty
images/img_06429.png	I suggested she might find them dif-
images/img_06430.png	pages of Babel , for she was determined
images/img_06431.png	around his room , and asked if she
images/img_06432.png	might borrow the stories of Isaac Babel
images/img_06433.png	doesn't he ? ' During the journey I read
images/img_06434.png	vilised and expensive , the two children
images/img_06435.png	went to the pictures . Philip allowed
images/img_06436.png	towards each other as they talked . In
images/img_06437.png	the pictures just for the fun of it was
images/img_06438.png	Catherine's left hand she carried the
images/img_06439.png	I followed , seeing how the sun gilded
images/img_06440.png	# it to be seen that he thought going to
images/img_06441.png	stories of Isaac Babel . After lunch we
images/img_06442.png	walked together across green fields , and
images/img_06443.png	their bright friendly heads turned
images/img_06444.png	At the school , which is charming , ci-
images/img_06445.png	chamber ; and Philip and I waited with
images/img_06446.png	Catherine in the dark until she had stopped
images/img_06447.png	minals in New York . His goodness , how-
images/img_06448.png	evening .
images/img_06449.png	ever , was not enough to prevent one
images/img_06450.png	serious of the two films that were
images/img_06451.png	For his sake we chose the more
images/img_06452.png	of them from being sent to the gas
images/img_06453.png	about a good priest who helped cri-
images/img_06454.png	showing in the little town . It was
images/img_06455.png	crying and could face the light of a golden
images/img_06456.png	by her suffering arm , he said bitterly :
images/img_06457.png	rine stared at him , incredulous . Philip
images/img_06458.png	even when its demonstrated to them . '
images/img_06459.png	' Yes , why are you crying , he had to be
images/img_06460.png	who had red eyes . Grasping Catherine
images/img_06461.png	punished for his crime , didn't he ? ' Cathe-
images/img_06462.png	At the entrance of the cinema the
images/img_06463.png	doorman was lying in wait for anyone
images/img_06464.png	rescued her by saying with disdain :
images/img_06465.png	' Some people don't know right from wrong
images/img_06466.png	to the next red-eyed emerger from the
images/img_06467.png	of the cruelty of the world . Finally Catherine
images/img_06468.png	about it . ' And Philip said : ' But we 've got
images/img_06469.png	you see ? '
images/img_06470.png	dark ; and we went on together to
images/img_06471.png	the station , the children silent because
images/img_06472.png	said , her eyes wet again : ' I think its all
images/img_06473.png	if we don't it 'll just go on and on , don't
images/img_06474.png	absolutely beastly , and I can't bear to think
images/img_06475.png	to think about it , don't you see , because
images/img_06476.png	The doorman turned his attention
images/img_06477.png	beside # Catherine . She had the stories open
images/img_06478.png	In the train going back to London I sat
images/img_06479.png	I wish I went to that school . Did you notice
images/img_06480.png	that girl who said hullo to him in the garden ?
images/img_06481.png	in front of her , but she said : ' Philip 's awfully lucky .