images/val_img_00000.png	It was a splendid interpretation of the
images/val_img_00001.png	sympathetic C O . Paul Daneman gave another
images/val_img_00002.png	part . The rest of the cast were well chosen ,
images/val_img_00003.png	with James Maxwell making a fine job of the
images/val_img_00004.png	" The Little Key . "
images/val_img_00005.png	first-class performance last night as a
images/val_img_00006.png	wartime naval officer in the B B C's
images/val_img_00007.png	the imagination which asked the viewer to
images/val_img_00008.png	" Britain - Blood , Sweat , and Tears ... Plus
images/val_img_00009.png	The play was no more than a figment of
images/val_img_00010.png	effect . MORE than 100 viewers complained to
images/val_img_00011.png	production by Michael Hayes . He captured
images/val_img_00012.png	the atmosphere of fog and mystery to great
images/val_img_00013.png	believe in a beautiful ghost . It would have been
images/val_img_00014.png	the B B C last night that an Amercian film ,
images/val_img_00015.png	Twenty Years , " was anti-British .
images/val_img_00016.png	an impossible piece of television but for clever
images/val_img_00017.png	It also parades Gina Lollobrigida in a selection of neglige*?
images/val_img_00018.png	Lollobrigida . In the holiday seasonal months before and
images/val_img_00019.png	Mr. Hudson is an American millionaire who spends each
images/val_img_00020.png	and Rock Hudson at the wheel of a shining silver Rolls-Royce .
images/val_img_00021.png	hotel .
images/val_img_00022.png	after this annual idyll his major-domo ( Walter Slezak
images/val_img_00023.png	2e-and-nightie ensembles not too well designed for sleeping in ,
images/val_img_00024.png	September in his Italian villa and the company of Signorina
images/val_img_00025.png	at his most nauseating ) turns the palazzo into a luxury
images/val_img_00026.png	revised even before the upheaval . The ingenuity
images/val_img_00027.png	Most of those who expound a theory of textual
images/val_img_00028.png	written entirely by one author before the
images/val_img_00029.png	to suppose that the original book had been
images/val_img_00030.png	argument against them .
images/val_img_00031.png	of the theories is impressive and is the best
images/val_img_00032.png	dislocation take it for granted that the Gospel was
images/val_img_00033.png	disturbance took place but a few leave it open
images/val_img_00034.png	Thomas Spreng
images/val_img_00035.png	which text is used .
images/val_img_00036.png	The most convenient one for the authors
images/val_img_00037.png	it is not a matter of the greatest importance
images/val_img_00038.png	has been the text of A. Souter . In this
images/val_img_00039.png	version of the text the Fourth Gospel is
images/val_img_00040.png	printed as just over 1,000 different nouns ,
images/val_img_00041.png	verbs , and other parts of speech occurring
images/val_img_00042.png	forms . There are other texts which could
images/val_img_00043.png	15,695 times in their different grammatical
images/val_img_00044.png	have been used , and ( as shown in Table 1 )
images/val_img_00045.png	is a matter of editorial decision rather
images/val_img_00046.png	Souter and the other texts is rather
images/val_img_00047.png	of Souter's text and the 15,416 of Nestle's .
images/val_img_00048.png	large . But the British text includes
images/val_img_00049.png	for 178 words out of 279 , which is
images/val_img_00050.png	the paragraph 7.53-8.11 , the Woman
images/val_img_00051.png	At first sight the difference between
images/val_img_00052.png	taken in Adultery , and this accounts
images/val_img_00053.png	The omission or inclusion of this paragraph
images/val_img_00054.png	the difference between the 15,695 words
images/val_img_00055.png	is derived . Qoheleth has a second
images/val_img_00056.png	VINEYARDS ( 1 Kings 4.25 ; S. of Sol. 8.11 ) .
images/val_img_00057.png	The word is a Persian loan-word ,
images/val_img_00058.png	in Neh. 2.8 and S. of Sol. 4.13 .
images/val_img_00059.png	pairi-deaza , from which our word paradise
images/val_img_00060.png	no happier than Adam was !
images/val_img_00061.png	Close to the building projects would be the
images/val_img_00062.png	paradise at his disposal but he is
images/val_img_00063.png	The word is used in the singular
images/val_img_00064.png	the Paradise , the only place where the Shamir
images/val_img_00065.png	Prince of the Demons , " Ashmodeus " to bring him
images/val_img_00066.png	Shamir had not been placed under his charge , as
images/val_img_00067.png	there is no Shamir in Gehenna ( Hell ) . An eagle
images/val_img_00068.png	could be found .
images/val_img_00069.png	brought the Shamir to Solomon from Eden ,
images/val_img_00070.png	the Shamir and Ashmodeus told him that the
images/val_img_00071.png	According to the legend , Solomon had asked the
images/val_img_00072.png	as a very precious diamond-stone and very adamant .
images/val_img_00073.png	the existence of it . These birds are , the Cherubim
images/val_img_00074.png	and the Seraphim . We are also told that the Shamir
images/val_img_00075.png	a sanctuary , and only some rare birds know
images/val_img_00076.png	is the stylus used by Moses , and this stylus is described
images/val_img_00077.png	The Talmud describes that the Shamir lives in
images/val_img_00078.png	as days of HEAVEN ON EARTH " That
images/val_img_00079.png	days of your children in the land , which
images/val_img_00080.png	means the Kingdom of Messianic Righteousness
images/val_img_00081.png	the Lord swear unto your father to give them ,
images/val_img_00082.png	And we will nail the Divine Law on the
images/val_img_00083.png	" That your days may be multiplied and the
images/val_img_00084.png	door posts of the house and upon the gates .
images/val_img_00085.png	( Talmud Sanh. 99A ) .
images/val_img_00086.png	The Messusah , which is nailed on the doorposts
images/val_img_00087.png	of the Shmah ( Numbers 15 , 37-41 ) is
images/val_img_00088.png	story , which is also in the Hagadah that
images/val_img_00089.png	the " tsitsits " . This lesson used to be read
images/val_img_00090.png	contains those two lessons . The third lesson
images/val_img_00091.png	nearly seventy and I had not succeeded that
images/val_img_00092.png	only in the morning . And the Talmud tells a
images/val_img_00093.png	called " the going-out of the land of
images/val_img_00094.png	Rabbi Eleasar ben Assarja said , " I am
images/val_img_00095.png	Egypt " . It starts with the story of the fringes
images/val_img_00096.png	means in the day-time ; all the days of
images/val_img_00097.png	it important that when we read the
images/val_img_00098.png	should remember the Great
images/val_img_00099.png	Ben Zoma said : " The days of 1thy life
images/val_img_00100.png	with the fringes ( the tsitsits ) .
images/val_img_00101.png	Shmah " to be willing to hear , " we
images/val_img_00102.png	1thy life means even at night-time . "
images/val_img_00103.png	Deliverance : Passover and its connection
images/val_img_00104.png	( Berochoth . ) And the Rabbis thought
images/val_img_00105.png	resent the " Bread of Poverty " which our fore-fathers
images/val_img_00106.png	and we invite anybody who wishes to partake in our
images/val_img_00107.png	and eat , Anybody who is thirsty , let him come and
images/val_img_00108.png	were eating in Mitzrajim , to show they were willing to learn ;
images/val_img_00109.png	start the Seder showing the Matzos , that they rep-
images/val_img_00110.png	drink . "
images/val_img_00111.png	Leaning back carries the concealed message . And we
images/val_img_00112.png	discussions , saying : " Anybody who is hungry , let him come
images/val_img_00113.png	demptions are asked at the Seder-evening about these " four
images/val_img_00114.png	really interrogations to examine into the principles of the four re-
images/val_img_00115.png	symbols " ( the MANISHTANO ) . And the person who asks these
images/val_img_00116.png	conducting the Seder .
images/val_img_00117.png	And we want all to eat and drink His Great Philosophy of the
images/val_img_00118.png	questions is seeking the opinion of the one who is
images/val_img_00119.png	four ways of Israel's redemption . Hence " four questions " , which are
images/val_img_00120.png	to help them to face whatever it is that
images/val_img_00121.png	of use telling even children , as I have
images/val_img_00122.png	irrational pre-conceived notions - or to
images/val_img_00123.png	fears are based upon completely
images/val_img_00124.png	to pull themselves together . Far better
images/val_img_00125.png	cause and then deal with it ; show it
images/val_img_00126.png	In the first place it is not a great deal
images/val_img_00127.png	already suggested , not to be silly or
images/val_img_00128.png	is worrying them , to find the original
images/val_img_00129.png	up either for the sham it is - and many
images/val_img_00130.png	on .
images/val_img_00131.png	There are several instances where he seemed unable to go
images/val_img_00132.png	too many details , would help many a child to make a
images/val_img_00133.png	proper adjustment to life as it grows up . Let us look
images/val_img_00134.png	A little more honesty , even if one refrains from going into
images/val_img_00135.png	at Jesus . We do not , I think , see there a life without fear .
images/val_img_00136.png	Amen . MOST people would probably regard tiredness as a
images/val_img_00137.png	partly true . Many people wake up tired of a morning and no
images/val_img_00138.png	purely physical thing . The cure for which is sleep . This is only
images/val_img_00139.png	amount of rest seems to make any difference . Sleep , to be
images/val_img_00140.png	from innocence .
images/val_img_00141.png	effective , must be of that child-like quality which comes
images/val_img_00142.png	Nor is she necessarily being deceitful . She really did feel tired
images/val_img_00143.png	with our mental state as with our physical exhaustion . A
images/val_img_00144.png	disturbed mind can bring the healthiest body to a sense
images/val_img_00145.png	of fatigue . They wonder why they get no rest at night ,
images/val_img_00146.png	until the mind got the necessary injection of a fresh - and an
images/val_img_00147.png	attractive - interest ! Tiredness has , therefore , as much to do
images/val_img_00148.png	even if they do sleep .
images/val_img_00149.png	we lose this way in the course of a day we would be
images/val_img_00150.png	staggered . Some of it is inevitable , and we do not want to
images/val_img_00151.png	through .
images/val_img_00152.png	If we ever stopped to consider how much energy - and time -
images/val_img_00153.png	become too pernickety . Nevertheless , we could all probably
images/val_img_00154.png	be a little more orderly for we so frequently just muddle
images/val_img_00155.png	worse the school system whereby for
images/val_img_00156.png	a critic may say - you are calling
images/val_img_00157.png	they say , to get into a rut . Save us
images/val_img_00158.png	us to adventure , do not strangle us before
images/val_img_00159.png	exactly what , on any given day of the
images/val_img_00160.png	we start by putting us into a strait-jacket
images/val_img_00161.png	routine destroys the soul . It is so easy ,
images/val_img_00162.png	from the school curriculum and even
images/val_img_00163.png	There may be some who will argue that
images/val_img_00164.png	week , they are going to have . If - such
images/val_img_00165.png	meals everybody knows beforehand
images/val_img_00166.png	that he was a great man for lace - paying
images/val_img_00167.png	didn't mean he was prepared to do as much
images/val_img_00168.png	and I fell out about my not being willing
images/val_img_00169.png	as much as 3 for a lace collar . But this
images/val_img_00170.png	We know from the diaries of Samuel Pepys
images/val_img_00171.png	to have her gown laced . '
images/val_img_00172.png	for his lady , for he records testily : ' My wife
images/val_img_00173.png	reign of Charles 2 stating : ' Lost : a lawn 1hand-
images/val_img_00174.png	fine Point lace about four fingers broad ' and
images/val_img_00175.png	among the effects left by Nell Gwyn is an
images/val_img_00176.png	unpaid bill for ' scarlet satin shoes with
images/val_img_00177.png	kercher with a broad hem laced round with
images/val_img_00178.png	silver lace ' . The records of these tender trifles
images/val_img_00179.png	are very touching but then lace does place
images/val_img_00180.png	upon everything a delicate sentiment .
images/val_img_00181.png	We read , with sympathy , an advertisement in the
images/val_img_00182.png	this is seen on the 150 miles of spawning
images/val_img_00183.png	The effect of bottom congestion due to
images/val_img_00184.png	them - thank Heaven ! A good picture of
images/val_img_00185.png	for spawning . Both result in crowding ,
images/val_img_00186.png	the light pressure is inevitably mixed
images/val_img_00187.png	with that of the suitability of ground
images/val_img_00188.png	grounds from the Viking in the north down
images/val_img_00189.png	the western edge of the Norwegian
images/val_img_00190.png	so there is no need to try to separate
images/val_img_00191.png	Deep .
images/val_img_00192.png	to the Klondykes and the Reef along
images/val_img_00193.png	to this fishery , which unfortunately seems
images/val_img_00194.png	at slack waters , even in daylight
images/val_img_00195.png	The East Anglian behaviour ( see p. 82 )
images/val_img_00196.png	sometimes ; and the high swimming ,
images/val_img_00197.png	summer fisheries . There is the " swim "
images/val_img_00198.png	has always differed from that of the
images/val_img_00199.png	when fish are caught only in the top
images/val_img_00200.png	fascinating behaviour mysteries are peculiar
images/val_img_00201.png	to be dying out ; but a full discussion of
images/val_img_00202.png	them is beyond the present scope .
images/val_img_00203.png	few yards of netting . These and other
images/val_img_00204.png	footrope of a trawl does this . Films
images/val_img_00205.png	the water or along the ground .
images/val_img_00206.png	a seine net in just the same way after
images/val_img_00207.png	sends before it a kind of scaring effect ,
images/val_img_00208.png	Underwater films suggest that the
images/val_img_00209.png	that all fishing gear , when moving ,
images/val_img_00210.png	The Bow-wave Theory . This assumes
images/val_img_00211.png	probably through waves or vibrations in
images/val_img_00212.png	have also shown plaice moving before
images/val_img_00213.png	being gathered inwards by the ropes .
images/val_img_00214.png	of her sisters . A young man from Reading named Marshall
images/val_img_00215.png	had at first been considered as belonging to the killer ,
images/val_img_00216.png	Even the bone cuff-links found beside the body , which
images/val_img_00217.png	had an uncomfortable time in the presence of the coroner .
images/val_img_00218.png	they had been borrowed by Elizabeth Camp from one
images/val_img_00219.png	proved yet another red herring , for it was learned that
images/val_img_00220.png	his military bearing ) , and this was accepted .
images/val_img_00221.png	to have been away for four days . Not in itself a crime , but , added to
images/val_img_00222.png	explain . His story was that he had left home to try to
images/val_img_00223.png	dford for a false moustache , it left him with something to
images/val_img_00224.png	the knowledge that he had gone shopping in the town of Guil-
images/val_img_00225.png	This man was known to have left his home on February 11 , and
images/val_img_00226.png	join the Army ( presumably feeling that a moustache might enhance
images/val_img_00227.png	At Clapham Junction a ticket-collector
images/val_img_00228.png	A passenger at Victoria said he had seen
images/val_img_00229.png	a train for the short run to Victoria .
images/val_img_00230.png	walking arm in arm . "
images/val_img_00231.png	was able to identify a photograph of the
images/val_img_00232.png	a young lady " as near as possible "
images/val_img_00233.png	like the photograph shown him , with
images/val_img_00234.png	a man " very close in conversation and
images/val_img_00235.png	on platform six waiting to board
images/val_img_00236.png	girl , and he said he had last seen her
images/val_img_00237.png	at East Croydon . He also believed
images/val_img_00238.png	A guard reported that at East Croydon
images/val_img_00239.png	he had seen what was accepted as the
images/val_img_00240.png	have joined this train by taking
images/val_img_00241.png	same couple sitting close together in
images/val_img_00242.png	that they had still been together at
images/val_img_00243.png	train from London Bridge of which
images/val_img_00244.png	a first-class compartment of the
images/val_img_00245.png	one from Victoria and changing
images/val_img_00246.png	South Croydon , and he remembered
images/val_img_00247.png	he was in charge . The two could
images/val_img_00248.png	signalman at Purley Oaks , who had
images/val_img_00249.png	couple struggling in a first-class
images/val_img_00250.png	hour before her body was discovered ,
images/val_img_00251.png	Money had been dead for about an
images/val_img_00252.png	Medical evidence established that Mary
images/val_img_00253.png	and this matched reasonably well with
images/val_img_00254.png	seen , as the train passed his box , a
images/val_img_00255.png	More important evidence came from a
images/val_img_00256.png	the timetable of the train in question .
images/val_img_00257.png	been used to seeing couples engaged in
images/val_img_00258.png	compartment ; but he seemed to have
images/val_img_00259.png	another sense to their aid .
images/val_img_00260.png	progress , because they were men of taste
images/val_img_00261.png	the Egyptians , their cookery made rapid
images/val_img_00262.png	of the table to the gratification of one
images/val_img_00263.png	When , however , the Greeks did learn the
images/val_img_00264.png	art of making fireproof earthenware from
images/val_img_00265.png	sense alone . Having exhausted their invention
images/val_img_00266.png	fact that they did not confine the resources
images/val_img_00267.png	the banquets of the ancient world was the
images/val_img_00268.png	palate , they broke fresh ground and called
images/val_img_00269.png	in the preparation of stimulants for the
images/val_img_00270.png	and intellect . A remarkable peculiarity in
images/val_img_00271.png	at their desserts the number of flowers
images/val_img_00272.png	far exceeded the number of fruits .
images/val_img_00273.png	By delicate application of odours and richly-
images/val_img_00274.png	essential article in their festal preparations ;
images/val_img_00275.png	and it is the opinion of Bassius that
images/val_img_00276.png	more exquisite and ethereal enjoyment to
images/val_img_00277.png	distilled perfumes , these refined voluptuaries
images/val_img_00278.png	fication of the sense of smelling was a
images/val_img_00279.png	the grosser pleasures of the board . The grati-
images/val_img_00280.png	aroused the fainting appetite and added a
images/val_img_00281.png	They considered flowers as forming a very
images/val_img_00282.png	subject of no little importance to the Romans .
images/val_img_00283.png	smother his courtiers with flowers . Nor was
images/val_img_00284.png	recreations of Heliogabalus was to
images/val_img_00285.png	medicinal qualities .
images/val_img_00286.png	it entirely as an object of luxury that the
images/val_img_00287.png	ancients made use of flowers ; they were
images/val_img_00288.png	essences fell upon him ; and one of the
images/val_img_00289.png	considered to possess sanative and
images/val_img_00290.png	When Nero supped in # his Golden House ,
images/val_img_00291.png	a mingled shower of flowers and odorous
images/val_img_00292.png	ebriety , or , as Bassius less clearly
images/val_img_00293.png	power in preventing the approaches of
images/val_img_00294.png	of the brain . It is said that there is
images/val_img_00295.png	According to Pliny , and others , certain
images/val_img_00296.png	expresses it , in clarifying the functions
images/val_img_00297.png	herbs and flowers proved of sovereign
images/val_img_00298.png	foodstuffs the traveller occasionally
images/val_img_00299.png	nothing new under the sun , but regarding
images/val_img_00300.png	encounters a certain measure of novelty .
images/val_img_00301.png	In China , for instance , dried rats are
images/val_img_00302.png	white mice served alive , dipped in treacle
images/val_img_00303.png	esteemed a delicacy . The visitor is told
images/val_img_00304.png	off a fever . A number of newly-born
images/val_img_00305.png	and swallowed like a prairie oyster is
images/val_img_00306.png	considered a piece of resistance .
images/val_img_00307.png	and that a stewed black rat will ward
images/val_img_00308.png	that they restore the hair of the bald
images/val_img_00309.png	over with flour , you will find a stack of it
images/val_img_00310.png	high opinion of the octopus as an article of diet .
images/val_img_00311.png	it , press it and dry it , in which form , dusted
images/val_img_00312.png	in almost any provision shop .
images/val_img_00313.png	a delicacy while Mediterranean peoples have a
images/val_img_00314.png	So have the Japanese and the Chinese . The
images/val_img_00315.png	Among the natives of Northern Australia lizards
images/val_img_00316.png	Celestials , apart from eating it fresh , squash
images/val_img_00317.png	roasted on the point of a spear are definitely
images/val_img_00318.png	Commons agreed was that of the first poll-tax . The manifest
images/val_img_00319.png	the remainder . The method of assessment to which the
images/val_img_00320.png	A sum of 160,000 was demanded - a staggering figure
images/val_img_00321.png	two-thirds of this sum providing the clergy supplied
images/val_img_00322.png	was a fairer target , and the Parliament agreed to find
images/val_img_00323.png	weight by a flat-rate tax at treble the rate - every adult
images/val_img_00324.png	corrected by the sliding scale of the second poll-tax ,
images/val_img_00325.png	had to pay three groats , but this time an adult was re-
images/val_img_00326.png	to mediaeval eyes . It was determined that 100,000
images/val_img_00327.png	but this lesson was ignored , and the injustice trebled in
images/val_img_00328.png	injustice of this method had been to a certain degree
images/val_img_00329.png	men were out a fortnight , disciplined and solid ,
images/val_img_00330.png	common man . )
images/val_img_00331.png	when only 20 per cent of them stood to gain
images/val_img_00332.png	( In this strike , as reported in the Sheffield
images/val_img_00333.png	cent made sacrifices for their fellow men ;
images/val_img_00334.png	this remarkable strike raised the question of a
images/val_img_00335.png	anything from the strike and the other 80 per
images/val_img_00336.png	living wage and showed the worth of the
images/val_img_00337.png	Guardian in March of that year , 1,000,000
images/val_img_00338.png	This new party , the British Socialist Party , was
images/val_img_00339.png	socialist thought in the city , but sought to create
images/val_img_00340.png	people .
images/val_img_00341.png	not prepared to accept the role of junior helper
images/val_img_00342.png	in the Labour movement , or of only providing
images/val_img_00343.png	propaganda in order to increase the volume of
images/val_img_00344.png	in the Labour movement a more militant attitude
images/val_img_00345.png	capable of achieving socialism for the working
images/val_img_00346.png	who was to become a very intimate friend , and I was
images/val_img_00347.png	solicitor cousin . As Bishop Talbot had told me that I
images/val_img_00348.png	Vicar of St. Mark's , Woodcote , Purley , a new church built
images/val_img_00349.png	IN 1913 Dr. Burge , Bishop of Southwark , asked me to go as
images/val_img_00350.png	ought not to spend many years in Tatsfield , we held
images/val_img_00351.png	great family consultations .
images/val_img_00352.png	later on joint executor of his estate with his
images/val_img_00353.png	by the well-known architect Mr. George Fellowes Prynne ,
images/val_img_00354.png	a close friend of ours .
images/val_img_00355.png	his family , and found a very suitable house nearby
images/val_img_00356.png	Dr. John Leake , who lived at Blackheath , and was
images/val_img_00357.png	My eldest brother was then living in Limpsfield with
images/val_img_00358.png	at the age of 92 . Dr. Burge was not able to be present
images/val_img_00359.png	This was taken by the Suffragan Bishop of Woolwich ,
images/val_img_00360.png	where my mother settled , and eventually died in 1926
images/val_img_00361.png	at the Institution and Induction Service in St. Mark's .
images/val_img_00362.png	This was called Ellen Avenue when I first went
images/val_img_00363.png	service . I soon saw that the parish needed
images/val_img_00364.png	a flourishing Sunday School and an evening
images/val_img_00365.png	We also had a little Mission Hall leading off
images/val_img_00366.png	sounding name of Lansdowne Road . There
images/val_img_00367.png	district .
images/val_img_00368.png	were lots of children there , and we had
images/val_img_00369.png	the Brighton Road , in a street full of small houses .
images/val_img_00370.png	there , but was soon changed into the better-
images/val_img_00371.png	more help both at the church and Mission
images/val_img_00372.png	district and got to know , and be known by , many of
images/val_img_00373.png	the people of the parish .
images/val_img_00374.png	Most fortunately I was able to engage the Rev. E. U. Evitt in
images/val_img_00375.png	Lansdowne Road district , but I needed more help in the
images/val_img_00376.png	The Church Army Captain had done very good work in the
images/val_img_00377.png	1913 soon after I had come , and he organized the Mission
images/val_img_00378.png	church for the full rota of services on Sundays and weekdays .
images/val_img_00379.png	that one of us must volunteer . The Bishop , Dr. Burge , did
images/val_img_00380.png	not wish me to go then , as I had barely been in the parish
images/val_img_00381.png	A great blow disturbed all our efforts in the following
images/val_img_00382.png	the Forces were urgently needed , and I felt clearly
images/val_img_00383.png	than his Vicar , and he was accepted at once and
images/val_img_00384.png	work until his health broke down and he had a bad
images/val_img_00385.png	year , 1914 , when war broke out . Very soon Chaplains for
images/val_img_00386.png	was very soon in France where he did splendid
images/val_img_00387.png	for a year . Mr. Evitt , however , was much less committed
images/val_img_00388.png	attack of enteric fever .
images/val_img_00389.png	the date of birth of each child , as had been done
images/val_img_00390.png	been married . It was not regarded as practicable within
images/val_img_00391.png	except that they extended to all women who were or had
images/val_img_00392.png	in the specialised enquiry for the Royal Commission .
images/val_img_00393.png	the limits of the census to include particulars about
images/val_img_00394.png	The questions about children were the same as in 1951 ,
images/val_img_00395.png	went dead again , and Steve had no stomach for
images/val_img_00396.png	should be . Steve got out the car and traversed the
images/val_img_00397.png	in Sussex , in all its obscene details . Then the radio
images/val_img_00398.png	After what seemed an undue period of repetition , the voice
images/val_img_00399.png	to keep an appointment with Heather .
images/val_img_00400.png	went on to describe the landing of the Thetan colony
images/val_img_00401.png	same empty streets as he had the night before ,
images/val_img_00402.png	breakfast . It was a beautiful day , as firsts-of-June
images/val_img_00403.png	them .
images/val_img_00404.png	among our own people , finding out just how
images/val_img_00405.png	We must learn all we can about
images/val_img_00406.png	And third , to study these damned Thetans .
images/val_img_00407.png	much freedom we can take with safety .
images/val_img_00408.png	" Now , to summarize what I think our
images/val_img_00409.png	Thetans like the plague , for they must not
images/val_img_00410.png	course of action should be . First , to avoid the
images/val_img_00411.png	find us out ! Second , to tread pretty warily
images/val_img_00412.png	seats some rows behind him . Steve was
images/val_img_00413.png	faces very disconcerting ; and looking at
images/val_img_00414.png	Heather he found a welcome relief in her
images/val_img_00415.png	followed the beaming Dan aboard , taking
images/val_img_00416.png	beginning to find the stereotyped , flattish , happy
images/val_img_00417.png	After a long wait a bus appeared and they
images/val_img_00418.png	relatively long doleful one
images/val_img_00419.png	expenses , with the people to whom Moke had
images/val_img_00420.png	lucky to have descended from such economic altitudes .
images/val_img_00421.png	Tom Dreyfus had a job on the machines in the Secretariat
images/val_img_00422.png	( Stamp Department ) while Sally sulked at home .
images/val_img_00423.png	The recovery of his balance was due to the
images/val_img_00424.png	sent him : little people who regarded him as
images/val_img_00425.png	fact that he was living , virtually without
images/val_img_00426.png	as soon as he had spoken a few
images/val_img_00427.png	Know how he did it ? He 's clever on
images/val_img_00428.png	politics , Lester , give us something on
images/val_img_00429.png	craterlet on Face ( ours is an agricultural
images/val_img_00430.png	your mouth-organ . '
images/val_img_00431.png	the mouth-organ . So when he visited some
images/val_img_00432.png	sentences of his speech : ' Cut the
images/val_img_00433.png	Back-Face area ) the cry would go up ,
images/val_img_00434.png	the Senator who had annoyed the United States
images/val_img_00435.png	W.C.U. by threatening to loose off one of his
images/val_img_00436.png	bluff to succeed the next time ) and , lately , by
images/val_img_00437.png	saying that if Mo land-troops had to come to the aid
images/val_img_00438.png	Peron entered , a large man , who had once been
images/val_img_00439.png	wore , and kept on indoors , a fifty gallon hat . Harry was
images/val_img_00440.png	by bragging how he had once won a trick from
images/val_img_00441.png	rockets ( an admission which would scarcely help
images/val_img_00442.png	handsome but was now seedy-looking , a sufferer
images/val_img_00443.png	prepared for something unpleasant , for this was
images/val_img_00444.png	of the O.G.O. contingent in the Panama region ,
images/val_img_00445.png	from stomach-ulcers . In the Back-Face tradition he
images/val_img_00446.png	ding scale , and left the sum-total of their actions ,
images/val_img_00447.png	be a centre of trust , responsible for the maintenance
images/val_img_00448.png	pressed as when he left Mrs. Halliday's office ,
images/val_img_00449.png	serve this home of his , in which his heart lay .
images/val_img_00450.png	Here the rocket man's charm was disarming . Yet
images/val_img_00451.png	when the time came to leave , Harry felt as de-
images/val_img_00452.png	The motive would be the same in both cases , to
images/val_img_00453.png	did what they had to do to get GO on an expan-
images/val_img_00454.png	exactly a month ago . If even Mo statesmen only
images/val_img_00455.png	and their lunar and earthly repercussions , to luck
images/val_img_00456.png	( or to Moke ) , there was a vacuum where there should
images/val_img_00457.png	bought their college education forward and
images/val_img_00458.png	the parade .
images/val_img_00459.png	turn . By comparing personal appearances
images/val_img_00460.png	with university records , the agents of the
images/val_img_00461.png	managers of corporations , together with professors
images/val_img_00462.png	were now being bought forward in their
images/val_img_00463.png	and women who interested them , and contracts
images/val_img_00464.png	businesses would pick on young men
images/val_img_00465.png	At the centre of each circle stood personnel
images/val_img_00466.png	and their filing clerks . The students had
images/val_img_00467.png	would be initialled at the end of
images/val_img_00468.png	these fine young people was closely geared to
images/val_img_00469.png	prospects would depend upon salaries , scholarship for
images/val_img_00470.png	were really means . So , seeing them revolve in
images/val_img_00471.png	Moke consciously or unconsciously symbolised , any-
images/val_img_00472.png	circles , Harry had the feeling that Moke ( or what
images/val_img_00473.png	people by the short hairs , and was diverting them ...
images/val_img_00474.png	But since starting salaries would depend on grade A
images/val_img_00475.png	economic and biological ends which , essentially ,
images/val_img_00476.png	or B in the finals next May , and since mating
images/val_img_00477.png	way in Harry's mind ) had these splendid young
images/val_img_00478.png	with black , matted hair and a striking
images/val_img_00479.png	hesitation in saying that they would have
images/val_img_00480.png	resemblance to the shrunk heads we had
images/val_img_00481.png	made an end of us but for an intervention
images/val_img_00482.png	compels me to mention it .
images/val_img_00483.png	Small , repulsive creatures they were ,
images/val_img_00484.png	so unexpected , so unusual , that only the
images/val_img_00485.png	necessity of rounding my narrative
images/val_img_00486.png	gazed at recently ; and I have no
images/val_img_00487.png	sible source of authority .
images/val_img_00488.png	prepared for visitors . Mrs Caine said
images/val_img_00489.png	and more definite , namely , that
images/val_img_00490.png	another impression that became more
images/val_img_00491.png	she was in touch with an invi-
images/val_img_00492.png	we were to go no further unless and
images/val_img_00493.png	hut had recently been cleaned and
images/val_img_00494.png	until we were sent for , confirming
images/val_img_00495.png	I had a distinct impression that the
images/val_img_00496.png	Caught by a sudden gust of wind ? A
images/val_img_00497.png	too carefree , and becoming airborne ?
images/val_img_00498.png	single-decker Welsh bus could have got
images/val_img_00499.png	combination of the two ? No one seems
images/val_img_00500.png	NO ONE has ever satisfactorily explained how a
images/val_img_00501.png	itself into orbit . Shooting up over the pass a bit
images/val_img_00502.png	to know . But the fact remains that get
images/val_img_00503.png	itself into orbit it did .
images/val_img_00504.png	And a fine old fuss there was about it , too .
images/val_img_00505.png	Rev. Edwards .
images/val_img_00506.png	Aboard , apart from the crew , were Mrs. Megan
images/val_img_00507.png	and Miss Ethel Yates , hikers from
images/val_img_00508.png	Birmingham ; Price the Provisions ; and the
images/val_img_00509.png	Thomas and her five-year-old son Cadwallader ;
images/val_img_00510.png	Here are the known facts . On 10th July ,
images/val_img_00511.png	pretty little Morfydd Owen ; Mr. Stanley Hayball
images/val_img_00512.png	left Dinas at two-thirty-five as usual .
images/val_img_00513.png	the bus , the 2.20 from Dinas to Llangrwl ,
images/val_img_00514.png	Dai Pugh , taking a tearful farewell of
images/val_img_00515.png	recently been Ifor's typist , but was now
images/val_img_00516.png	Ifor was . For there was his garage hand ,
images/val_img_00517.png	is established . Ifor Huw Evans , Propr. ,
images/val_img_00518.png	returning to her home town as a
images/val_img_00519.png	Yes , the bus set out from Dinas . So much
images/val_img_00520.png	watched it go from the windows of the
images/val_img_00521.png	fully-fledged schoolteacher .
images/val_img_00522.png	Dinas Motor Omnibus Co. Very interested ,
images/val_img_00523.png	Morfydd Owen . Morfydd , who had until
images/val_img_00524.png	the world , is it ? " " For me it is , " Dai
images/val_img_00525.png	said wretchedly , wiping his hands on his
images/val_img_00526.png	overalls preparatory to a last embrace . " You
images/val_img_00527.png	the Mixed Infants of Llangrwl . "
images/val_img_00528.png	hand when you are lording it over
images/val_img_00529.png	" But I 'm only going fifteen miles away , "
images/val_img_00530.png	will not be remembering a mere garage
images/val_img_00531.png	Morfydd was saying . " Not the end of
images/val_img_00532.png	new world she was entering there might
images/val_img_00533.png	had qualified as a schoolteacher , poor
images/val_img_00534.png	could not help wondering whether , now she
images/val_img_00535.png	be boys equally nice , and with far more
images/val_img_00536.png	A nice boy of course . But perhaps in the
images/val_img_00537.png	to offer . The conductor rang his bell .
images/val_img_00538.png	" Silly boy , " said Morfydd . Though she
images/val_img_00539.png	little Dai was quite the man for her .
images/val_img_00540.png	swinging down to the darkening earth . " It
images/val_img_00541.png	Flying Officer who had burst so unceremoniously into his
images/val_img_00542.png	passed me at fifty thousand feet , sir . It was
images/val_img_00543.png	office . " And what did it look like , Broughtons ? Some
images/val_img_00544.png	But the jet aircraft was already miles away ,
images/val_img_00545.png	climbing steadily . " Group Captain Llewelyn Jones , Officer
images/val_img_00546.png	Commanding R.A.F. Station , Dinas , looked keenly at the
images/val_img_00547.png	sort of rocket ? "
images/val_img_00548.png	Group Captain looked . " Broughtons , " he said silkily .
images/val_img_00549.png	Flying Officer Broughtons shuffled his feet .
images/val_img_00550.png	determined . " It was a bus , sir .
images/val_img_00551.png	Buses crawl . " Very pale , Broughtons was . But
images/val_img_00552.png	earth-bound creatures ? Aeroplanes fly , Broughtons .
images/val_img_00553.png	A single-decker , " he elaborated . Daggers , the
images/val_img_00554.png	" Didn't they teach you at Cranwell that buses are
images/val_img_00555.png	" Well , actually , sir , it looked like - like a bus .
images/val_img_00556.png	back in his chair . " I see . So you met a bus at
images/val_img_00557.png	fifty thousand feet .
images/val_img_00558.png	sir . It said Llangrwl . " Llewelyn Jones sat
images/val_img_00559.png	They 'd got the lights on . There were people inside .
images/val_img_00560.png	" Did you see the indicator board ? " " Yes , sir . " " And
images/val_img_00561.png	what did it say ? Mystery Tour ? " Oh , very caustic , that
images/val_img_00562.png	Group Captain . But Broughtons stood his ground . " No ,
images/val_img_00563.png	Waving . " Like gimlets , the Station Commander's eyes .
images/val_img_00564.png	All lit up . Full of people waving as you went past . "
images/val_img_00565.png	there were anything in Queen's Regulations to cover this ,
images/val_img_00566.png	isn't , " he ended sadly . " I tried to read the
images/val_img_00567.png	Suddenly he crouched forward . " Broughtons , if I thought
images/val_img_00568.png	He waited . But his commanding officer appeared to
images/val_img_00569.png	I 'd have you court-martialled . But I know there
images/val_img_00570.png	have forgotten him .
images/val_img_00571.png	registration number , sir . But it was getting dark . "
images/val_img_00572.png	quarter-hour intervals , regular as clockwork ?
images/val_img_00573.png	Time passed . Everyone said , " Pity about Megan
images/val_img_00574.png	Time passed . The bus climbed , and went quietly
images/val_img_00575.png	it was a pity at all ; as , indeed , they didn't .
images/val_img_00576.png	remained empty . And so did the arms of Dai
images/val_img_00577.png	Thomas , isn't it , " as though they didn't really think
images/val_img_00578.png	beloved was circling the Poles at three-and-a-
images/val_img_00579.png	He saluted , and left the presence , very crestfallen ...
images/val_img_00580.png	Pugh . How could they be otherwise , when his
images/val_img_00581.png	into orbit . Time passed . The Rev. Edwards' pulpit
images/val_img_00582.png	Dinas Advertiser . But the London papers ignored
images/val_img_00583.png	they could have measured up the road and
images/val_img_00584.png	LOCAL BUS DISAPPEARS announced the
images/val_img_00585.png	the whole affair . Ifor Evans reported his loss
images/val_img_00586.png	attitude . Now if there 'd been a good old accident ,
images/val_img_00587.png	taken an interest .
images/val_img_00588.png	a bus , is it . Very careless . " That was their
images/val_img_00589.png	to the police . But they only tut-tutted . " Lost
images/val_img_00590.png	mysteries , like the Marie Celeste . Then things
images/val_img_00591.png	But losing a bus ! People were always losing
images/val_img_00592.png	you will be asking .
images/val_img_00593.png	seemed , for a time , that the whole affair would
images/val_img_00594.png	began to happen ... But what about the voyagers ?
images/val_img_00595.png	be written off as one of those unexplained
images/val_img_00596.png	things . You 'd be surprised , they said . So it
images/val_img_00597.png	a supply of food . "
images/val_img_00598.png	what does such a person do ? He signals
images/val_img_00599.png	that of a castaway on a desert island . Now
images/val_img_00600.png	his position by lighting bonfires or hoisting a
images/val_img_00601.png	position , " he said , " is somewhat analogous to
images/val_img_00602.png	Well , the Rev. Edwards had taken command . " Our
images/val_img_00603.png	flag on a palm tree . And he tries to ensure
images/val_img_00604.png	" Can't go lighting bonfires on this bus , "
images/val_img_00605.png	the minister . " No , we have another way of signalling
images/val_img_00606.png	continuously . " Gave him a look , the driver did .
images/val_img_00607.png	Company's Regulations . " " Of course not , " agreed
images/val_img_00608.png	our position . The driver must sound his horn
images/val_img_00609.png	the conductor said firmly . " Contrary to the
images/val_img_00610.png	" Dinas High Street ? "
images/val_img_00611.png	" Where you think we are ? " he asked rudely .
images/val_img_00612.png	" Then we are saved , " cried the Rev. Edwards .
images/val_img_00613.png	Shyly , Morfydd Owen produced a block of
images/val_img_00614.png	chocolate .
images/val_img_00615.png	you may join us . ' ' I am Lily-yo . We three
images/val_img_00616.png	Though your wings and your scars are new ,
images/val_img_00617.png	are humans . You are only flymen . We will
images/val_img_00618.png	not join you . ' The Captives grunted in boredom .
images/val_img_00619.png	know little , we know much . '
images/val_img_00620.png	The Chief Captive spoke again . ' Always this
images/val_img_00621.png	talk from you of the Heavy World ! You have
images/val_img_00622.png	joined us . You are flymen , we are human . You
images/val_img_00623.png	made nervous by Beryl's silence , drove at reckless
images/val_img_00624.png	DARKNESS had descended like a curtain by the
images/val_img_00625.png	his flat for a drink .
images/val_img_00626.png	meet the Deanes , and as soon as Guy had
images/val_img_00627.png	driven away , invited them casually to come to
images/val_img_00628.png	the party was over . Piers came strolling out to
images/val_img_00629.png	speed to the Villa , it was quickly evident that
images/val_img_00630.png	time they docked at Belleray . And though Guy ,
images/val_img_00631.png	" Oh , she was due ! " And then he added in the same
images/val_img_00632.png	comment , but Beryl said nothing . She was trying
images/val_img_00633.png	going to live with friends of the bank manager , just
images/val_img_00634.png	unnaturally smooth exterior Piers was simmering
images/val_img_00635.png	with anger against her she had no doubt .
images/val_img_00636.png	to sort things out in her mind . That beneath his
images/val_img_00637.png	casual tone , " She 's not returning to her family . She 's
images/val_img_00638.png	this side of Belleray . " Mrs. Deane made a suitable
images/val_img_00639.png	She avoided his gaze , and tried to ignore that
images/val_img_00640.png	The mockery in his voice had deepened . " With
images/val_img_00641.png	" You talk as though we were alone on Balicou ! "
images/val_img_00642.png	" Whom you never once managed to circumvent . "
images/val_img_00643.png	last impertinent remark . " With four other people - "
images/val_img_00644.png	She met his eyes then .
images/val_img_00645.png	all due deference , Miss Deane - come off it ! "
images/val_img_00646.png	it as confidential . " " My dear Beryl ,
images/val_img_00647.png	not I , who started this conversation . "
images/val_img_00648.png	slowly , " If you must drag the truth
images/val_img_00649.png	not . " He was clearly startled by her
images/val_img_00650.png	She wavered , and at last said
images/val_img_00651.png	out of me , I must ask you to regard
images/val_img_00652.png	don't tell me anything , if you 'd rather
images/val_img_00653.png	words . " But remember , it was you ,
images/val_img_00654.png	out and sucked in his baggy black
images/val_img_00655.png	down the lake . 3" Big blow , Judge , " re-
images/val_img_00656.png	marked Willie Kim as the wind billowed
images/val_img_00657.png	blouse and pantaloons .
images/val_img_00658.png	where it had a straight blow of eight miles
images/val_img_00659.png	now , it could kick up a sea-sized commotion
images/val_img_00660.png	When the wind was on a rampage , as it was
images/val_img_00661.png	see that fool boy of mine out there on
images/val_img_00662.png	mild surprise . " I didn't hear you . Do you
images/val_img_00663.png	did you come from ? " the judge said in
images/val_img_00664.png	drown good man .
images/val_img_00665.png	she blow some more . " " Hello , Willie , where
images/val_img_00666.png	3" Blow like hell . Maybe by and by
images/val_img_00667.png	worry , Judge . Big wind like that can't
images/val_img_00668.png	the lake ? " 3" I see him . You don't need
images/val_img_00669.png	He no drown , too . Him , his mother throw him into
images/val_img_00670.png	water to make him swim when he is born .
images/val_img_00671.png	Bill is good man , and Bueno Buck is raised on lake .
images/val_img_00672.png	Maybe so Bill , he can swim that good , too . "
images/val_img_00673.png	prepared to make a safe though violent landing
images/val_img_00674.png	might have made an ocean liner envious , seemed
images/val_img_00675.png	The yawl , riding the high waves with an air that
images/val_img_00676.png	from the west .
images/val_img_00677.png	when there came a sudden gust of wind
images/val_img_00678.png	A submariner's wife needed to be spared as much
images/val_img_00679.png	pay Jacky's school fees . " " What shall we do
images/val_img_00680.png	subject for discussion . " It 's a command , " he said .
images/val_img_00681.png	We can do with the extra money . It 'll just about
images/val_img_00682.png	about this house ? - and Jill's school ? - and oh !
images/val_img_00683.png	as possible . Anyway the Parsifal affair was far
images/val_img_00684.png	how I hate the Navy !
images/val_img_00685.png	too fresh in both their minds to be a comfortable
images/val_img_00686.png	If I 'd known what it would be like I 'd sooner
images/val_img_00687.png	work on Sundays , " he said . " They 're worse off than
images/val_img_00688.png	stockbroker chap and shared him with his three
images/val_img_00689.png	submariners . You ought to have married that fat
images/val_img_00690.png	Pericles is a Portsmouth boat . She spends longer
images/val_img_00691.png	have married a parson . " He kissed her . " Parsons
images/val_img_00692.png	mistresses . Anyway it might be much worse .
images/val_img_00693.png	in harbour than any other submarine .
images/val_img_00694.png	Jill will say about leaving her school . It 's a
images/val_img_00695.png	write to those agents and try to get a flat in
images/val_img_00696.png	her eyes and reached for her address book . " I 'll
images/val_img_00697.png	blessing that Jacky 's off to boarding school .
images/val_img_00698.png	And all the trouble you 've taken with the
images/val_img_00699.png	Alverstoke , " she said . " But I don't know what
images/val_img_00700.png	Practically a shore job . Cheer up . " She wiped
images/val_img_00701.png	garden !
images/val_img_00702.png	That little beast , Robbie Munyard ! " Having
images/val_img_00703.png	burden and prepared to break up yet
images/val_img_00704.png	this had already happened half a dozen times .
images/val_img_00705.png	said her say Peggy manfully shouldered her
images/val_img_00706.png	another home . In the ten years of married life
images/val_img_00707.png	Such is the life of a naval officer's wife .
images/val_img_00708.png	school ; some of his rigid ideas had been passed
images/val_img_00709.png	John's father had been a naval officer of the old
images/val_img_00710.png	instilled by martinet parents have a habit of
images/val_img_00711.png	plain-clothes on the previous night , but ways
images/val_img_00712.png	new appointment , at nine a.m. precisely , dressed
images/val_img_00713.png	in the modern equivalent of frock-coat and sword .
images/val_img_00714.png	an officer should join a ship , on taking up a
images/val_img_00715.png	if John had stepped into Fort Blockhouse clad in
images/val_img_00716.png	on to the second generation . One of these was that
images/val_img_00717.png	sticking .
images/val_img_00718.png	It would have been acceptable to all concerned
images/val_img_00719.png	Ever been out in a submarine ? I 'll give
images/val_img_00720.png	you a spin round one of these days , if you
images/val_img_00721.png	" Better ask Robbie Munyard . " " What 's he been
images/val_img_00722.png	" Not in Pericles , old man . " " Why not ? "
images/val_img_00723.png	To go gassing to a newspaper man !
images/val_img_00724.png	like . You could write it up . " Bawley made a face .
images/val_img_00725.png	saying ? " John was furious . The little squirt !
images/val_img_00726.png	to write up Pericles in some way or other , are
images/val_img_00727.png	you ? " " What is there to write up ? " said
images/val_img_00728.png	Bawley . " There are forty-three submarines in
images/val_img_00729.png	the Navy - why should I pick on Pericles ? "
images/val_img_00730.png	" Look ! " he went on earnestly . " You 're not going
images/val_img_00731.png	John eyed him steadily . " It 's the Parcifal
images/val_img_00732.png	business , isn't it ? " he said quietly .
images/val_img_00733.png	and X-rayed and that it was as sound as a bell ? "
images/val_img_00734.png	" I don't want it to happen again , " said Bawley -
images/val_img_00735.png	" What did Munyard say ? " " The Snort - hull
images/val_img_00736.png	" more so than ever since I met you . "
images/val_img_00737.png	we 've had Pericles' entire Snort equipment removed
images/val_img_00738.png	fitting fractured . " " Supposing I was to tell you that
images/val_img_00739.png	said John .
images/val_img_00740.png	with the possibility of faulty design . " He held
images/val_img_00741.png	I 'm relieved . But it still doesn't do away
images/val_img_00742.png	one of these days , " he said . " In the meantime
images/val_img_00743.png	out his hand . " Maybe I will take a trip with you
images/val_img_00744.png	I 'll tell my editor that the story 's a dead bird .
images/val_img_00745.png	" Munyard didn't tell me that . But I must confess
images/val_img_00746.png	for calling , " he said . " Still long as you 're here
images/val_img_00747.png	Dowd , still wearing his blue check shirt . He
images/val_img_00748.png	shack , his rifle at the ready , I saw it was Nick
images/val_img_00749.png	I saw several men running down towards
images/val_img_00750.png	came up close , eyeing us suspiciously . " We 've
images/val_img_00751.png	you may as well stay a while .
images/val_img_00752.png	the shack . They were all armed with rifles .
images/val_img_00753.png	As the nearest of them came round the
images/val_img_00754.png	come 2a-calling , " I said . " Can't see no reason
images/val_img_00755.png	found us a couple of boxes to sit on .
images/val_img_00756.png	miners followed in at our heels . Nick Dowd
images/val_img_00757.png	'Light an' come on in . " We dismounted and
images/val_img_00758.png	We followed Nick Dowd into the shack .
images/val_img_00759.png	Nick Dowd took our horses off to water .
images/val_img_00760.png	They 'd rigged up a stove of sorts and on it
images/val_img_00761.png	one of the miners who 'd come along with
images/val_img_00762.png	a huge blackened coffee-pot steamed . Other
images/val_img_00763.png	the little hombre in big overalls . Very soon he
images/val_img_00764.png	Derby hat fussed around the stove . " 2Ain't
images/val_img_00765.png	who 'd come in as Roper Smith , Shorty , Mick
images/val_img_00766.png	sweetened with molasses for all and for us
images/val_img_00767.png	A small man in bib overalls and a battered
images/val_img_00768.png	exactly the Ritz Hotel but we 've got our little
images/val_img_00769.png	there were two plates of beans .
images/val_img_00770.png	comforts , " said Dowd . He introduced the men
images/val_img_00771.png	had tin mugs filled with hot black coffee
images/val_img_00772.png	Golightly , Swede and the Sodbuster . This last was
images/val_img_00773.png	night . "
images/val_img_00774.png	as of now , apart from a few sacks of gold
images/val_img_00775.png	we 'd finished and I 'd rolled a cigarette
images/val_img_00776.png	watched us as we ate the beans . Then when
images/val_img_00777.png	the man called Shorty said , " You were saying when
images/val_img_00778.png	you came in that 2somep'n happened last
images/val_img_00779.png	dust . " He winked at his partners . They all
images/val_img_00780.png	handing them to us , " but it 's all we got
images/val_img_00781.png	" They gives you the wind , " said the Sodbuster
images/val_img_00782.png	Shorty .
images/val_img_00783.png	down William Appleton outside the Palace
images/val_img_00784.png	words affect them in their different ways .
images/val_img_00785.png	" That 's sure bad news , " said Dowd , sombrely .
images/val_img_00786.png	" Yes , " I said . " Something happened all right .
images/val_img_00787.png	looked across at Nick Dowd - " someone cut
images/val_img_00788.png	with a shotgun . " I paused and watched my
images/val_img_00789.png	for Mr. Pell and his bunch , " observed
images/val_img_00790.png	" It 2jest about leaves everything wide open
images/val_img_00791.png	After you 'd left the meeting , mister " - I
images/val_img_00792.png	The rest of the men there said nothing but
images/val_img_00793.png	right 2hyar , Nick , " said the Sodbuster .
images/val_img_00794.png	desperadoes like Pell and Fenton and the
images/val_img_00795.png	digging for gold but were babes in arms
images/val_img_00796.png	when it came to dealing with owlhooters and
images/val_img_00797.png	simple men who knew a lot maybe about
images/val_img_00798.png	you could see they were hard hit . They were
images/val_img_00799.png	rest . " I guess we 'd better hold onto the gold
images/val_img_00800.png	and got away with it . "
images/val_img_00801.png	at gun point either . They 've done it before
images/val_img_00802.png	necks before you can say ' knife ' . It wouldn't
images/val_img_00803.png	sure asking for trouble . They 'll be on your
images/val_img_00804.png	" Yeah , " said Dowd dubiously . " 2Mebbe we 'd
images/val_img_00805.png	better . " Surprisingly Dan Maffrey came in at
images/val_img_00806.png	be the first time they 've held up a diggings
images/val_img_00807.png	that point . " If you do , " he said , " you 'll be
images/val_img_00808.png	said Dan . " We 'll watch the stage out of reach . "
images/val_img_00809.png	us and a few six-shooters . But most of us
images/val_img_00810.png	2ain't 2eddicated in shootin' . It 'd be a
images/val_img_00811.png	abide by what we said at the meeting , "
images/val_img_00812.png	" You 're 2durned tootin' , mister , " said the man
images/val_img_00813.png	called Roper Smith . " We 've got five rifles among
images/val_img_00814.png	2massacree , 2yessir . " " If you 'll take a chance
images/val_img_00815.png	on getting your gold to the bank , then we 'll
images/val_img_00816.png	three of them , no more . I reckon we can deal
images/val_img_00817.png	handsome offer so I chimed in too . " That
images/val_img_00818.png	with them all right . "
images/val_img_00819.png	with Dan Maffrey's aim to avenge himself
images/val_img_00820.png	and hold up the stage , it 'll be a couple or
images/val_img_00821.png	goes for me , gentlemen , " I said . " If they do try
images/val_img_00822.png	on the Fenton bunch but still it was a
images/val_img_00823.png	I couldn't quite see how all this fitted in
images/val_img_00824.png	Gay , sitting opposite Gavin on the terrace could
images/val_img_00825.png	to do that . " Gavin drained his glass
images/val_img_00826.png	hardly believe that she was the same girl ,
images/val_img_00827.png	and refilled it .
images/val_img_00828.png	Gavin raised his glass to her and smiled
images/val_img_00829.png	table for the first time a few days ago .
images/val_img_00830.png	and Gay's heart turned over . " I 'd like
images/val_img_00831.png	miserable , shy , who had sat at the little
images/val_img_00832.png	who is tough enough to change him . "
images/val_img_00833.png	you know , always , and you aren't the type
images/val_img_00834.png	trust him out of your sight and having to put on
images/val_img_00835.png	whenever he flirts with another woman . He will
images/val_img_00836.png	a brave face and pretend that you don't mind
images/val_img_00837.png	Hell . " Doc answered for her . " Just Hell . Never able to
images/val_img_00838.png	be the same , if you know what I mean . " " You sound
images/val_img_00839.png	like Alice in Wonderland , " Doc gently mocked her , " and
images/val_img_00840.png	I 'm glad you 're beginning to see that you 're wasting
images/val_img_00841.png	now that I do realise that , and in any case , " she added
images/val_img_00842.png	a little sadly , " if I did change Gavin , he wouldn't
images/val_img_00843.png	your time on that chap .
images/val_img_00844.png	Gay nodded . " I know that you 're right Doc , I think
images/val_img_00845.png	I 'd marry you myself . " Gay laughed , Doc was
images/val_img_00846.png	as it obviously appeared to everyone else .
images/val_img_00847.png	long for the right man for you to come
images/val_img_00848.png	so kind and nice and she hoped that one
images/val_img_00849.png	Now let him go and you won't have to wait
images/val_img_00850.png	day she would be able to see the situation
images/val_img_00851.png	along . If I was thirty years younger and weren't
images/val_img_00852.png	married to the sweetest wife in the world
images/val_img_00853.png	" I made it myself , " Gay tried to speak
images/val_img_00854.png	normally .
images/val_img_00855.png	the roundabout , which was
images/val_img_00856.png	least . She would think of her-
images/val_img_00857.png	new seat outside the hospital
images/val_img_00858.png	thoughts . At one time she had
images/val_img_00859.png	self as a stranger in these parts
images/val_img_00860.png	out of operation - in theory , at
images/val_img_00861.png	gates and thought vagrant
images/val_img_00862.png	watched the workmen constructing
images/val_img_00863.png	studying these cross-roads . Which
images/val_img_00864.png	one to take ?
images/val_img_00865.png	Diana Wills often sat on the brand
images/val_img_00866.png	to put St. John's Casualty Department
images/val_img_00867.png	" If I were a tramp I would simply blow a
images/val_img_00868.png	airy directions accordingly . " If I were needing a
images/val_img_00869.png	women doctors to blow a feather and follow its
images/val_img_00870.png	job I 'd go to London , of course , " she went on .
images/val_img_00871.png	wishing life would sometimes allow serious-minded
images/val_img_00872.png	feather , " she decided , rather envying the gentle-
images/val_img_00873.png	man of the road his freedom of decision , and
images/val_img_00874.png	all important . "
images/val_img_00875.png	I got a good look at her . But if Nigel
images/val_img_00876.png	" Neither can Nigel , " smiled Diana .
images/val_img_00877.png	I know ? " she smiled . " I think so .
images/val_img_00878.png	" No , " Di said immediately . " It isn't at
images/val_img_00879.png	wasn't there it isn't important , is it ? "
images/val_img_00880.png	" I remember , " quipped the houseman ,
images/val_img_00881.png	That blonde was something . " " Anybody
images/val_img_00882.png	meaning no offence , " but does he ?
images/val_img_00883.png	" He 's saving up to get married . Remember ? "
images/val_img_00884.png	But after that slight slip of the tongue on Nigel's part she had
images/val_img_00885.png	with a cyst on her ear ... ? "
images/val_img_00886.png	" Nigel , " she had besought him , " you know that evening
images/val_img_00887.png	you took Luke Parson's surgery and there was a woman
images/val_img_00888.png	realised it was important enough for her to have remembered , and it
images/val_img_00889.png	made her think there was an abyss immediately ahead .
images/val_img_00890.png	was as though a red mist veiled her usually clear sight and
images/val_img_00891.png	broken down outside and he noticed
images/val_img_00892.png	you this , too ? " " No , " she laughed .
images/val_img_00893.png	at the roots and I had a redhead on
images/val_img_00894.png	it was your car I suppose he
images/val_img_00895.png	" Oh , he wasn't . His motor-bike had
images/val_img_00896.png	" He didn't actually see you . Because
images/val_img_00897.png	presumed it was you , all dressed up in
images/val_img_00898.png	your car and then you dancing with
images/val_img_00899.png	the other arm . He would have told
images/val_img_00900.png	this blonde . " " Really ? " Nigel cocked
images/val_img_00901.png	one eyebrow . " Actually she was brunette
images/val_img_00902.png	evening . " " No , don't , " he said , after
images/val_img_00903.png	particular surgery ? " " You are a fool ,
images/val_img_00904.png	" Now I wonder which I wore at that
images/val_img_00905.png	" My white or my black ? " Nigel enquired .
images/val_img_00906.png	the housemen think of me as a
images/val_img_00907.png	two-timing Don Juan .
images/val_img_00908.png	exactly what you were doing that
images/val_img_00909.png	kissing her again . " I rather like to have
images/val_img_00910.png	darling , " Di said happily . " I shall take
images/val_img_00911.png	great pleasure in telling that young man
images/val_img_00912.png	" You need your holiday , darling . I only
images/val_img_00913.png	I 'm such a dull fellow , really . " " Dull ? " She
images/val_img_00914.png	couldn't believe it . Self-deprecation
images/val_img_00915.png	I suppose ? " she enquired archly .
images/val_img_00916.png	wish I could go with you ! " " Doctor
images/val_img_00917.png	" It would make me more interesting ,
images/val_img_00918.png	was not one of Nigel's usual attributes .
images/val_img_00919.png	Wills , if you 're making improper suggestions ... ? "
images/val_img_00920.png	" No , it wouldn't ! " he almost snapped ,
images/val_img_00921.png	leave in the autumn without you
images/val_img_00922.png	become you to behave like a - a tart , Di . "
images/val_img_00923.png	body else for a moment there . It doesn't
images/val_img_00924.png	miserable enough my having to take my
images/val_img_00925.png	" Nigel - ! " she gasped . " I didn't mean to
images/val_img_00926.png	behave like anything of the kind . I
images/val_img_00927.png	trying to be bright and gay about it .
images/val_img_00928.png	surprising her . " You sounded like some-
images/val_img_00929.png	was only joking . " " Well , don't . It 's
images/val_img_00930.png	at this time of year ? I can't ask you up because it 's
images/val_img_00931.png	can't imagine the hospital without me for
images/val_img_00932.png	a strictly stag affair . " " I know . I didn't expect ... " " Well ,
images/val_img_00933.png	three weeks , etcetera , etcetera ! "
images/val_img_00934.png	come with me ; you hope I 'll miss you ; you
images/val_img_00935.png	don't keep hinting , then . You wish you could
images/val_img_00936.png	I 'm going with a shooting party . What else can I do
images/val_img_00937.png	regard first . " I would mind if you didn't " he told her
images/val_img_00938.png	right , pet . I do need this leave . I 'm bad-tempered and
images/val_img_00939.png	Her figure was small and exquisite , like a schoolgirl's still , and
images/val_img_00940.png	broody and going out with brash blondes . I don't deserve
images/val_img_00941.png	he admired her legs , which the male sex were inclined to
images/val_img_00942.png	grimly , and tugged her fiercely into his arms . " You 're
images/val_img_00943.png	you . "
images/val_img_00944.png	make all the waiting worth while . When we 're
images/val_img_00945.png	" Darling ! " her voiced caressed him . " Moments like this
images/val_img_00946.png	married we won't have these explosions of emotion ,
images/val_img_00947.png	isn't as bad as an operation , Nigel ! "
images/val_img_00948.png	will we ? " " No , " he eyed her strangely . " I wish we
images/val_img_00949.png	were married , Di . Like a patient wishes his operation
images/val_img_00950.png	was over . " Again her laughter trilled . " Marriage
images/val_img_00951.png	me isn't going to be all that bad ?
images/val_img_00952.png	the moment , thank God ! " Problem ... ?
images/val_img_00953.png	he could be serious . " Surely marrying
images/val_img_00954.png	" Isn't it ? " he rose and smoothed himself
images/val_img_00955.png	or a burial ? " she asked , hardly believing
images/val_img_00956.png	looming ... ? " Are we discussing a marriage
images/val_img_00957.png	down . " Ask any bridegroom-to-be . Anyhow ,
images/val_img_00958.png	that particular problem isn't looming at
images/val_img_00959.png	it , looking moodily beyond her . " Perhaps it 's as
images/val_img_00960.png	well if you don't wear it for a bit , Di , " he
images/val_img_00961.png	of amusement in his own eyes , however , he took
images/val_img_00962.png	your ring back . " She loosened the half-hoop of
images/val_img_00963.png	diamonds on her left hand third finger and held it
images/val_img_00964.png	told her .
images/val_img_00965.png	out to him , still playfully . Without a glimmer
images/val_img_00966.png	If it is - " she laughed uncertainly - " you can have
images/val_img_00967.png	doctor would be free during the day ; tea was served
images/val_img_00968.png	from four until five-thirty in the residents' common-
images/val_img_00969.png	she was convinced , or he would have granted her small request
images/val_img_00970.png	Something had cropped up which required Nigel's attention ,
images/val_img_00971.png	room , which proved the elasticity of medical commitments .
images/val_img_00972.png	Diana was trailing up the gravelled drive to the hospital
images/val_img_00973.png	to be met at the gates .
images/val_img_00974.png	alone . Of course one couldn't say for certain when a
images/val_img_00975.png	Thus had they parted the previous evening and now